"BOSTON -Monday, May 9, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that in a continued effort to increase safety for all Boston residents, the National Weather Service (NWS) has recognized the City of Boston as a StormReady community.The StormReady program helps provide communities with the communication and safety skills needed to save lives and property before, during and after a weather related event. StormReady helps community leaders and emergency managers strengthen local safety programs.""The StormReady designation reaffirms the City of Boston's commitment to preparedness, and highlights the strong working partnerships between our public safety agencies,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the National Weather Service for recognizing Boston's high level of readiness and unwavering dedication to the safety of our residents.""StormReady is a voluntary program and there is no cost to apply. To be recognized as StormReady, communities must meet guidelines established by the NWS in partnership with federal, state and local emergency management officials. Specifically, a community is required to:""While no community can ever be storm-proof, being StormReady means that the City of Boston has multiple ways to receive and disseminate warnings to key officials, first responders and to the public.Boston has done everything that it can do to be prepared and protect its citizens and visitors,""said Glenn Field, Warning Coordination Meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Taunton, MA.StormReady uses a grassroots approach to help communities develop plans to handle all types of severe weather - from tornadoes to hurricanes. The program encourages communities to take a new, proactive approach to improving local hazardous weather operations by providing emergency managers with clear-cut guidelines on how to improve their hazardous weather operations.""We're very proud of this achievement,"" said Director Rene Fielding of the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM). ""Our office places a premium on effective communication during all weather related incidents, and receiving this distinction from the National Weather Service validates those efforts.""Currently, there are 15 cities and towns with StormReady designation in Massachusetts."
"Hundredsof homeowners and potential homebuyers today attended the Boston Home Center's (BHC) Housing EXPO and 20thAnniversary Celebration at the Curry Student Center at Northeastern University. The Boston Home Center's 2016 Housing EXPO is the BHC's signature event, kicking off the homebuying season.  ""For twenty years, the Boston Home Center has provided Boston residents with support and services to assist them through the home-buying process and through their home-owning needs,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that this administration has been able to expand the Boston Home Centers' services so that the City can help even more people pursue the dream of homeownership."" The Boston Home Center, supported by the City's Department of Neighborhood Development,helps Boston residents purchase, improve and keep their homes.At the event, residents were able to talk to mortgage lenders, realtors, non-profits, federal and state housing partners, city agencies, local elected officials, city officials and BHC staff about homeownership and home repair opportunities. They also learned about other valuable programs for homeowners, such as Renew Boston, the Neighborhood Homes Initiative, and Imagine Boston 2030. In addition, organizations such as Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance, MassHousing and other BHC non-profit partners were represented at the event. The Expo alsoincluded free classes, led by BHC staff, that helped potential homebuyers understand the financial pathways to homeownership, and helped homebuyers understand the services the City offers to assist with home repair. Just this past year, theBoston Home Centerannounced several new initiatives and partnerships. In September of 2015, the BHC launched theSeniors Saveprogram. Seniors Saveis a new, proactive program that helps income eligible seniors replace failing or inefficient heating systems before winter begins. Seniors whoreplace aging heating systems with new, energy efficient systems will significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during the winter and will also see significant reductions in their energy bills.In addition, the BHC was awarded a$2.9 millionLead Hazard Control grant anda $325,000Healthy Homes grant from theU.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development(HUD). As a result of this funding, the City of Boston will be able to address lead hazards in an additional 178 housing units, providing safer homes for low and very low-income families with children. This year, as part of the Boston Housing Authority's Family Self Sufficiency Program, the BHC also created a new partnership with the BHA to help public housing residents learn how to budget for and eventually purchase their own homes. The BHC helps first time homebuyers by providing classes, seminars and workshops on how to become a homeowner. In FY2015, 3,481participantsattended 168classes, workshops, and seminars for homebuyers and homeowners provided through the Boston Home Center. In 20 years, the Boston Home Center has become a life-changing agency in the City of Boston, providing residents with the tools they need to help achieve the American Dream and the financial and personal security that comes with home ownership. Mayor Walsh also reminded residents that the Home Center's assistance doesn't end with homebuying classes and purchase of a new home. Homeowners who are facing credit or financial problems or need assistance with home repairs or other issues can also find help at the Boston Home Center. For more information about the Boston Home Center, call 617-635-HOME (4663) or visit thewebsite."
"BOSTON -Saturday, May 7, 2016- Hundredsof homeowners and potential homebuyers today attended the Boston Home Center's (BHC) Housing EXPO and 20thAnniversary Celebration at the Curry Student Center at Northeastern University. The Boston Home Center's 2016 Housing EXPO is the BHC's signature event, kicking off the homebuying season.  ""For twenty years, the Boston Home Center has provided Boston residents with support and services to assist them through the home-buying process and through their home-owning needs,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that this administration has been able to expand the Boston Home Centers' services so that the City can help even more people pursue the dream of homeownership."" The Boston Home Center, supported by the City's Department of Neighborhood Development,helps Boston residents purchase, improve and keep their homes.At the event, residents were able to talk to mortgage lenders, realtors, non-profits, federal and state housing partners, city agencies, local elected officials, city officials and BHC staff about homeownership and home repair opportunities. They also learned about other valuable programs for homeowners, such as Renew Boston, the Neighborhood Homes Initiative, and Imagine Boston 2030. In addition, organizations such as Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance, MassHousing and other BHC non-profit partners were represented at the event. The Expo alsoincluded free classes, led by BHC staff, that helped potential homebuyers understand the financial pathways to homeownership, and helped homebuyers understand the services the City offers to assist with home repair. Just this past year, theBoston Home Centerannounced several new initiatives and partnerships. In September of 2015, the BHC launched theSeniors Saveprogram. Seniors Saveis a new, proactive program that helps income eligible seniors replace failing or inefficient heating systems before winter begins. Seniors whoreplace aging heating systems with new, energy efficient systems will significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during the winter and will also see significant reductions in their energy bills.In addition, the BHC was awarded a$2.9 millionLead Hazard Control grant anda $325,000Healthy Homes grant from theU.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development(HUD). As a result of this funding, the City of Boston will be able to address lead hazards in an additional 178 housing units, providing safer homes for low and very low-income families with children. This year, as part of the Boston Housing Authority's Family Self Sufficiency Program, the BHC also created a new partnership with the BHA to help public housing residents learn how to budget for and eventually purchase their own homes. The BHC helps first time homebuyers by providing classes, seminars and workshops on how to become a homeowner. In FY2015, 3,481participantsattended 168classes, workshops, and seminars for homebuyers and homeowners provided through the Boston Home Center. In 20 years, the Boston Home Center has become a life-changing agency in the City of Boston, providing residents with the tools they need to help achieve the American Dream and the financial and personal security that comes with home ownership. Mayor Walsh also reminded residents that the Home Center's assistance doesn't end with homebuying classes and purchase of a new home. Homeowners who are facing credit or financial problems or need assistance with home repairs or other issues can also find help at the Boston Home Center. For more information about the Boston Home Center, call 617-635-HOME (4663) or visit thewebsite."
"The BPL Bibliocycle, a bicycle-powered mobile library, returns to the streets of Boston in its third season, visiting street fairs, markets, and festivals to meet people where they are and deliver library services beyond its physical locations. Over the past two years, the Bibliocycle has had more than 2,200 visitors, with staff issuing 140 library cards and more than 500 book checkouts. The first stop for the Bibliocycle will be on Saturday, May 7, at the Wake up the Earth Festival in Jamaica Plain.The Bibliocycle is the perfect complement to community events and activities in Bostons parks and outdoor spaces,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents to take advantage of the opportunity to connect with one of the Citys great assets  our library system.""Features of the Bibliocycle program include library card sign up, book checkout, demonstrations of BPLs digital resources, help with reference questions, and pop-up story times. The mobile collection of up to 50 books includes new releases, bestsellers, cooking, gardening, picture books, and bike repair titles.The Bibliocycle has been one of our most successful outreach programs, taking library services out into the community,toour users, and we are happy to see it return, expanding our reach and giving staff the chance to interact with many more users, said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard.The Bibliocycle visits the neighborhoods of Jamaica Plain, Copley Square, Dorchester, Roxbury, and Fenway in May and June. The complete schedule of Bibliocycle destinations, including a form where interested organizations may request a visit from the Bibliocycle, can be found atbpl.org/community. The Bibliocycle checkout limit is 10 items per person. The Bibliocycle team is not equipped to handle fines and book returns. Patrons will need to visit one of the BPLs manybrick-and-mortar locationsto complete that type of transaction.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Wash is encouraging Boston youth ages 16-18 to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program. The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events.This is a great summer employment opportunity for teens that are interested in learning photography while exploring our City and making new friends,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thank you to John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for supporting this program.A professional photographer teaches the program. Participants learn about different techniques, equipment and concepts. They are also introduced to a variety of professional photographers through books, websites and exhibitions in art galleries and museums around Boston. The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston. At the end of the summer, their work is showcased at an exhibition.The program will run from Tuesday, July 5 through Friday, August 19. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visiting Boston.Gov/BCYF and clicking the summer link for the application. Deadline for applying is May 20. For more information, contact Donna.Reeves@Boston.Gov."
"Below is a jointstatement from Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Mark Miles, CEO of IndyCar's parent company, Hulman & Company: ""Boston has an open door for new and innovative ideas that will benefit the city's future. While it is disappointing that IndyCar will not race in Boston this year, we look forward to continuing our work together to bring IndyCar to Boston in the future. Boston has always been a great partner for IndyCar and we are confident that with a strong local promoter the race can be a great success."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang and community leaders today to announce that 11,976Boston students are expected to participate in data-driven summer learning opportunities this year, nearly doubling the number of students served last year. Last July, Mayor Walsh and Superintendent Chang set an ambitious citywide goal to expand the Boston Summer Learning Community, challenging program leaders to enroll 10,000 school children in 100 summer learning programs by 2017. With the addition of 41 new program sites over recent months, the city is positioned to surpass this goal one year ahead of schedule. ""Summer learning creates brighter futures for our young people and helps us build a stronger city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The overwhelming response to our challenge proves that our community sees the need and shares our vision for high-quality learning opportunities for all young people. I thank all of the organizations that have stepped up this year to meet our ambitious goals."" Research shows that, on average, students lose knowledge and skills over the summer months, and that this phenomenon - known as ""summer slide"" - has a disproportionate, cumulative effect on low-income youth. The Boston Summer Learning Community was launched in 2010 by Boston After School & Beyond and the Boston Public Schools, with support from the Boston Opportunity Agenda. Last year the initiative served 5,626 school children in 79 summer programs across the city. The Mayor and Superintendent made the announcement at Berklee College of Music, surrounded by representatives from 120 committed summer sites. A new summer partner for this year, Berklee College of Music operates City Music Boston, a renowned after-school and summer program that provides comprehensive music education to 4ththrough 12thgraders in underserved communities. ""Summerlearninghelps slow thesummerslide and helps boost critical skills that are needed for college and career success,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""The depth and breadth of these new programs and offeringsistruly inspiring and will bring new opportunities for our students tolearnyear round.Unlike traditional summer school programs offered exclusively in school facilities, the Boston Summer Learning Community immerses young people in new, exciting, local environments - such as natural preservations, the Harbor Islands, college campuses, and workplaces - with an explicit focus on building skills in addition to academic content. Other new program sites for 2016 include Mass Audubon's Boston Nature Center, Northeastern University's Bridge to Calculus program, and St. Stephen's Youth Programs in the South End.The Boston Summer Learning Community will support specific groups of students, including English language learners, recent immigrants, off-track high school students, youth assigned to mandatory summer school and rising 9th graders. A subset of these programs will participate in the Superintendent's ""5thquarter"" initiative - an effort to align summer learning to school-year priorities and to strengthen students' college and career readiness skills. ""The Mayor and Superintendent deserve enormous credit for setting this ambitious goal and drawing in the right partners to make this a huge success,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond. ""Boston has become a model for the state in prioritizing summer learning and our students will see the results."" This landmark announcement comes on the heels of recent statewide legislation and rigorous research that shows that high quality summer learning programs can improve student outcomes. In March the Joint Committee on Education reported favorably on H.4033 - An Act to increase access to high quality summer learning opportunities. At the committee hearing, education and municipal leaders from around the state - including Mayor Walsh, New Bedford Schools Superintendent Pia Durkin, and former Education Secretary Paul Reville - advocated for favorableconsideration of this bill. Worcester Mayor Joseph Petty and Salem Mayor Kim Driscoll also submitted written testimony in support of the legislation. Aiming to close the persistent achievement and opportunity gaps across the state, this bold new legislation would establish a pilot grant program to expand research-based summer learning in districts across the Commonwealth with high concentrations of low-income students. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined health officials to announce the findings of the Boston Public Health Commission's (BPHC)health impact assessment of Boston's Living Wage Ordinance, highlighting opportunities to strengthen the Living Wage Ordinance by increasing the living wage and expanding the pool of workers protected by the ordinance.""As a city, one of our top priorities is making Boston an equitable and inclusive city for everyone,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This Health Impact Assessment is another step in the process we're taking to make all of our city's labor and wage laws work for our residents. I thank all of our partners and the Boston Public Health Commission for their work on this report and look forward to our important work ahead to provide our residents with the tools and services they need to become financially empowered.""""This report demonstrates Boston's commitment to improving health for all Boston residents and, in particular, achieving health equity by addressing the social determinants of health,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi. ""The living wage ordinance was originally passed almost 20 years ago to give workers a better chance at making a living in Boston. While it may have succeeded initially in achieving its goal, it now falls short.""The health impact assessment represents more than a year of in-depth study of Boston's Living Wage Ordinance, engagement with dozens of stakeholders, and an analysis of the relationship between health and socioeconomic status. The analysis examined the relationship between income and health to estimate the benefits of increasing the living wage. The report predicts that an increase from $14 to $17 per hour would create measurable health benefits among living wage workers, including:The current ordinance applies to a small number of workers - about 600 - at the bottom of the wage scale. Mayor Walsh and health officials recommend both an expansion of its reach and increased efforts to enforce its implementation, including improved data collection systems. The Walsh Administration and BPHC will use the data collected to better target programs and services, such as job training opportunities, to low wage workers. Officials plan to work with local, private businesses around enforcement and expansion.The project, which is funded through a grant from the Health Impact Project (a joint venture of the Pew Charitable Trusts and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation), began in November 2014. The living wage ordinance economic analysis was performed by partners at the Center for Social Policy at the University of Massachusetts Boston. With the city's commitment to economic equity and inclusion, the results offer a better understanding of the connection between health and economic factors, paving the way for changes that could improve the health and well-being of low wage workers.Mayor Walsh, BPHC, City Council and the Advisory Board will continue to fully explore opportunities to expand and strengthen the Living Wage Ordinance.About the Boston Public Health CommissionThe Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Bureau of Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
"The City of Boston's Licensing Board unanimously voted yesterday to amend their rules and regulations to allow BYOB in Boston.""I see this as an opportunity to bring increased economic activity to neighborhoods across Boston and I thank the Licensing Board for taking up this measure that has great potential to make a positive impact on our city's economic growth,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to reviewing the revised regulations that will be put forth by the Licensing Board in the coming months."" Current regulations prohibit patrons from bringing any alcoholic beverages for their own consumption onto the premise of any licensed establishment.""Yesterday's vote is an exciting step forward as the Licensing Board officially sanctioned BYOB dining in Boston,"" said City Council President Michelle Wu. ""BYOB will bring new vitality to our city by giving small business owners and consumers more options to build a vibrant restaurant scene in every neighborhood."" As part of the next steps, the Board in the coming months will draft stringent rules to regulate the practice of BYOB and will schedule a public hearing at which community members can voice their opinions on the matter.At the end of 2015 the City Council passed and Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance to allow for BYOB to be considered by the Licensing Board in Boston."
"BOSTON -Friday, April 29, 2016-Below is a statement from Patrick Brophy, Chief of Operations for the City of Boston: ""The City of Boston will always be open to opportunities that will positively showcase our city, however as we continued to work with Boston Grand Prix they were unwilling or unable to meet the necessary requirements to hold an event of this size. The Mayor feels strongly in protecting the taxpayers and limiting the impact to residents, and we are not shy that we held them to very high standards."" Attached is aletterof agreement signed by all parties involved."
"BOSTON -Friday, April 29, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will roll out a tuition-free community college plan for Boston Public Schools (BPS),providing a cost-effective entry point into higher education for Boston's young people. The program will be available at all BPS high schools beginningJune 1, and will run through the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), with support from the City's Neighborhood Jobs Trust (NJT).""The single most effective way to break down the social and financial barriers facing many Boston families is to make post-secondary education free and accessible,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am so proud to launch this program and give our talented BPS graduates another resource for success.""The Neighborhood Jobs Trust, which collects linkage fees from large-scale commercial developments in the city, will fund the program.The program has already launched at Madison Park Vocational-Technical High School.""This enormously helpful initiative is breaking barriers by increasing access to quality higher education for our students,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""This is an example of a wonderful partnership that truly provides a path to help students succeed in college, career, and life.""The Boston Foundationreport""Getting Closer to the Finish Line: The College Enrollment and Experiences of Graduates of the Boston Public Schools"" suggests that Boston students are in need of support to succeed in community college. While only 15% of those 2007 BPS graduates attending two-year colleges managed to graduate, with 40% of enrollees dropping out after the first year, the report found that students with grant assistance were far more likely to stay enrolled through the first two years of college. A recent study by the Boston Redevelopment Authority confirmed that there is a strong correlation between education attainment and wages.An associate's degree holder is1.7 times more likely to make $35,000 or more compared to someone with only a high school degree.A bachelor's degree holder is2.2 times as likely to make $35,000or more compared to someone with only a high school degree.While the Tuition Free Plan will help address the barriers to cost, the City recognizes that a more comprehensive phase is needed for the long-term, in order to prepare graduates for the challenges of higher education and beyond. This initiative will also work with BPS guidance counselors, high school staff, community partners and resident groups to encourage maximum participation from BPS graduates and their families. Starting late Fall of 2016, subsequent phases of the plan will deploy an integrated model of support services, bridge programs, dual enrollments, remedial classes, and resources for connecting students with employment opportunities, career navigation services, and financial aid for completing post-secondary education.To be eligible, students must graduate from a BPS high school with at least a 2.2 GPA, be able to complete community college on a two-year schedule, meet low-income status for Pell Grants, complete the FASFA, pass the accuplacer to place out of developmental classes, and gain admission to either Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC) or Roxbury Community College (RCC).""Education is an essential part of preparing a competitive workforce for the City of Boston,"" said Trinh Nguyen, Director of the OWD. ""Leveraging our community colleges, partners, and federal resources will help students, parents, and families obtain their career aspirations. College shouldn't be limited to those who can afford it.""The Office of Workforce Development is an affiliate of the Boston Redevelopment Authority.About the Mayor's Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Redevelopment Authority that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visittheir siteto learn more about the OWD's work."
"The Boston Transportation Department/Boston Bikes today officially re-launched the full New BalanceHubwaybike-share system and announced plans for an expansion ofHubwayservice to reach the neighborhoods of Roxbury and North Dorchester. Stations all across Boston, along with Somerville and Brookline, are now open for the season.""TheHubwaybike-share system offers residents and visitors a healthy, affordablewayto travel throughout our city and I am excited that this year we are expanding the service to reach even more neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As demand continues to grow, I look forward to working with our partners to explore additional opportunities to provide this active transportation service to the people of Boston."" A celebration of the return of theHubwaybikes was held today at theHubwaystation in front of the New Balance Experience Store on Boylston where Commissioner Fiandaca of the Boston Transportation Department joined Matt LeBretton, New Balance Vice President for Public Affairs. The popular bike-share system recently recorded the four millionth trip taken byHubwayusers since the system's launch in 2011.""We look forward to New BalanceHubway's strongest season ever, with 10 new stations planned for Roxbury and North Dorchester in 2016, a fifth birthday celebration this summer, and our 5 millionth trip anticipated for this Fall,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Fiandaca. ""With these new stations, Boston continues to be a national leader in its commitment to equity in bike-share. The City of Boston would like to thank the Barr Foundation for supporting the establishment of these new stations with a $525,000 grant, as well as for partnering with us to ensure that Boston is a sustainable and vibrant city for all residents and visitors."" ""From its first to its four millionth ride,"" said Mary Skelton Roberts, Senior Program Officer at the Barr Foundation. ""New BalanceHubwayhas demonstrated that Boston can lead, and that Bostonians will embrace new, innovative ways to close transportation gaps, and to enhance mobility for residents and visitors. It is our privilege to be able to support this latest expansion into Roxbury and North Dorchester, to better connect more people to more places they want and need to go for work, school, and play throughout the region."" The Boston Transportation Department will hold community workshops to invite public input into the plans for the new stations. Following the workshops, crews from local youth-based organizations will conduct surveys of possible locations for new stations, with opportunities for residents to participate by text message, online and in-person. These participation options are being providing in an effort to engage as many people in the community as possible in the process. Public planning for the new stations will conclude with an Open House onJune 9 and 11. Below is more information about the workshops and open houses: Community Workshop -May 12, 6:30 - 8:00 p.m., Roxbury YMCACommunity Workshop -May 14, 10:00 - 11:30 a.m., Dudley Sq. LibraryCommunity Open House -June 9, 6:30 - 8:30 p.m., Roxbury YMCACommunity Open House -June 11, 10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m., Grove Hall Library The New BalanceHubwaysystem is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. Since opening in 2011,Hubwayusers have logged over six million bicycle miles, burning 168 million calories and offsetting nearly 2,000 tons of CO2 emissions.Hubwayhas nearly 13,000 annual members and last year sold more than 91,000 24-Hour subscriptions, 8,700 72-Hour subscriptions, and 3,400 monthly subscriptions. In 2015 alone,Hubwayriders took 1,122,475 trips and pedaled approximately 2.1 million miles. About Hubway:New BalanceHubwayis metro-Boston's bike-sharing system with more than 1,600 bikes at 160 stations in Boston, Cambridge, Brookline and Somerville. The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike-share membership program in the country, offeringHubwaymemberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. For more information about subsidized memberships please visithttp://www.bostonbikes.org/or call #617-635-1470. Find out more about the New BalanceHubwaysystem, station expansions, deployments, and outages/closures atwww.thehubway.com, onTwitterand on Facebook atwww.facebook.com/Hubway. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today a comprehensive review of the city's management of large scale events, in order to ensure that the Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment has access to the right outside resources and expertise, as well as the right internal protocols and policies in place. The review will draw upon experts in all facets of events production and management.""With increasing frequency, Boston has become a sought-after location for events, often large scale multi-day events such as concerts and races,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have also seen increasing demand for Boston as a location for film and TV production. These have proven to be powerful marketing and tourism opportunities for the city. We have also recognized that the bigger the event, the more complex it is to manage properly. And, I want to make sure that our agencies and staff have the right training and tools to do so properly.""Mayor Walsh has asked three local professionals with deep expertise in various facets of event management to serve on a committee that will oversee a top to bottom review of the city's event management. The local professionals are Larry Moulter, Executive in Residence at the Center for Collaborative Leadership at UMass Boston and CEO of the New Boston Garden Corporation, who is regarded as among the most knowledgeable of sports management experts and formerly served as CEO of Best of Boston, the largest event management company in the state Bryan Rafanelli of Rafanelli Events, a premier event planner and designer in the country and Colette Phillips of Colette Phillips Communications, a strategic public relations and event production firm. In addition, Attorney Brian Kelly, who reviewed the city's interaction with Top Chef and has continued to provide advice on policies and procedures, will serve as a consultant to the committee to ensure an ethical process for all event managers.""My intent is to build on what we learned from the review that Attorney Brian Kelly conducted of interactions and permitting procedures related to the filming of Top Chef in Boston. That report on Top Chef brought transparency to how the city interacted with that particular production and I want to make sure that we build on that knowledge, learn from it and are using best practices in this field,"" added Walsh. ""I have a team of young energetic and dedicated professionals in this area. They need the right tools and some guidance to ensure that they know how to manage high-profile events.""The city hosts numerous high-profile events every year, such the Boston Marathon, Sail Boston and an upcoming Adidas track meet that will be held in Boston for the first time this summer. Additionally, Boston serves as a filming location for feature films, currently Patriots Day and Stronger, and television programs."
We want to give a glimpse at two new types of content the Digital team is creating: the article and the how-to.The less sexy version of the two is the article, but its still a critical element of the new site. Although a primary focus has been making the sites copy both shorter to read and easier to understand, some topics will always require a longer explanation. We created the article for these long-form, evergreen pieces of content  basically stuff thats useful to reference all of the time and doesnt change often. We have an example live on the pilot site abouttips for avoiding parking tickets.The article page is much more clean and readable than the old sites design, but we want to be sure you always have someone you can call if you get stuck or need help. No matter how you navigated to an article, you can find the related City department's contact information right up front.Next, we come to the how-to. Its another way were attempting to simplify our content, and its a big shift in the way weve done things in the past. How-tos describe all the ways to complete a task  step-by-step  with the City. We give you all of your options with big tabs at the top, and we put all the relevant information you need on one page. We dont want you to have to hunt around through multiple urls just to get something done the right way.You can see versions of these how-tos in ourHaving a Car in the Citytopic on the pilot site. Thehow-to on paying a parking ticketgives you all your options for paying the fine. We also have a how-to on the Citysresident parking permit program, with the different options you have to apply for and manage your permit.To illustrate just how big of a shift were talking about with the how-to, we essentially replacedthis,this,this,this,this, andthisabout the resident parking program, withthis:In both of these new types of content, were putting an emphasis on plain language, and giving you information without you needing to break out a dictionary.Its something weve mentioned before, and something we always keep in mind when creating digital tools for residents.These new page types also wont be limited to the text you see.Thanks to the modularity of Drupal, we can add information from other parts of the site, and stack these pages with relevant material for residents.The new content were showing you today is just a snapshot of the work weve been doing behind the scenes. Well also be updating the navigation on the the pilot site soon to help you find the content were creating. Next up, well show you how were featuring elected officials on the new site. As always,let us know what you thinkabout the site, and how we can make it better.
"BOSTON -Thursday, April 28, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the Department of Justice (DOJ)to announce $100,000 for the Boston Housing Authority (BHA) and the Greater Boston Legal Services Inc.to address the challenges justice-involved individuals face when trying to find work and affordable housing.""In Boston, we believe in creating a culture of second chances, and a compassionate safety net that gives our young people the opportunity to succeed no matter what,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that housing is often the hardest challenge and I thank the Obama Administration for this funding that will allow the Boston Housing Authority to better support the future of our City.""""This funding will help break down barriers that prevent young people from finding work, getting into school or finding an affordable place to live,"" said Kristine Foye, Regional Administrator,HUDNew England Region. ""We look forward to working with our partners in Boston to open these doors to opportunity."" Under the Juvenile Reentry Assistance Program (JRAP), funded through DOJ's Second Chance Act funds,HUDand DOJ are teaming up to help young Americans who've paid their debt to society rehabilitate and reintegrate back into their communities. JRAP funding was awarded to Public Housing Agencies who have a partnership with a nonprofit legal service organization with experience providing legal services to juveniles.The BHA will use the JRAP funding to help youth ages 16-24 who live in BHA housing, or who are not eligible to live in BHA housing due to a CORI, to seal their records so that they can be reunited with their families in public housing. The project will also connect these young people with the BHA's Jobs Plus program in Charlestown, other job training programs, and social service organizations. These connections will ensure that the youth receive social support from other young people in the same circumstances, and access self-sufficiency and financial literacy programs that help them build skills for the future.""Our residents like many of us have experienced setbacks and have made mistakes especially when we were young. This grant will help us help our young people with job opportunities and housing. Youthful mistakes should not be a barrier for a lifetime"" said Bill McGonagle, BHA Administrator.Having a juvenile or a criminal record can severely limit a person's ability to seek higher education, find good employment or secure affordable housing. Today, there are nearly 55,000 individuals under age 21 in juvenile justice facilities in the United States, and approximately 185,000 young adults aged 18 to 24 in state and federal prisons. These collateral consequences create unnecessary barriers to economic opportunity and productivity. President Obama and members of his Cabinet, though the Federal Interagency Reentry Council, continue to take impactful steps to ensure those exiting the justice system become productive, law-abiding citizens. Today's announcement is consistent withHUD's recently released guidance on the application ofFair Housing Actstandards to the use of criminal records by providers of housing and real estate-related transactions, and the recent guidance for public housing authorities and owners of federally assisted housing on excluding the use of arrest records in housing decisions.To help alleviate collateral consequences associated with a juvenile or criminal record, JRAP assists young people up to age 24 residing in public housing, or who would be residing in public housing but for their record, by:"
Today, Boston Bikes celebrated New Balance Hubways 2016 operating season with high-fives, ice cream, and the news of more Hubway stations coming to Boston!Yes, you heard that right. TheBarr Foundationhas provided a generous grant to the Boston Transportation Department for ten new stations in Roxbury and northern Dorchester this summer. The goal is to build a highly connected bikeshare network in these neighborhoods, so that all residents in those areas live within a 5- to 10-minute walk of Hubway.This will be the most significant expansion in one targeted part of the city since New Balance Hubways launch in 2011. While we know we have a long way to go to achieve the full potential of bikeshare in Boston, this expansion will help pave the way to future stations in other neighborhoods.Where exactly will these stations go? Well, thats where we need your help. The process of choosing a location for a station is anything but simple. We start by looking at all the locations that have been requested to date and consulting community organizations, businesses, and residents to get the super-local view of where stations are needed.
Next month, we are holding two community workshops to talk about what makes a good location for a New Balance Hubway station. Attendees will work together to prioritize general locations for new stations. Well consider four key criteria:1. Proximity to existing network2. Future growth3. Known gaps and chronic outages4. Local travel patternsWe will then take feedback from these workshops and develop several specific, viable site options for each general location. Considerations like permitting, solar exposure, utilities, and other infrastructure on the streets and sidewalks constrain where a station can actually go. The stations take up at least 41 feet, and ensuring the safety of Hubway users, pedestrians, other cyclists and drivers is critical.Once we develop these options, we will hold two community open houses in early June to gather input on site alternatives. Dates and locations of the meetings are below. Since we know not everyone can make it to community meetings, well also deploy several street teams to gather input at community events and on busy street corners in Roxbury and Northern Dorchester. Were honored to have the help of young people from the Yawkey Boys and Girls Club, Bikes Not Bombs, Dorchester Bay Economic Development Corporation, and the Mayors Youth Council who will take the lead in conducting these surveys. At the same time, we will provide opportunities for input online or by text message. Stay tuned for more details!If you would like to receive updates about this expansion and other Hubway news, click here to sign up for the Hubway newsletter. Mark your calendars: Part I: Community Workshops  work with other participants to prioritize general locations for Hubway stationsPart II: Community Open Houses  drop in to review specific site options for each general location
"Further affirming his commitment to ensuring access to quality housing and open space, in a city that values and preserves its history, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his support for the Community Preservation Act (CPA), which could provide a significant revenue stream to support affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space initiatives. The proposal, which is currently pending before the City Council, could potentially be placed on the ballot in Boston in November 2016.""Our city is growing and thriving, but success has brought challenges-housing costs being one of the greatest,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've studied the impacts and benefits, and I believe the Community Preservation Act offers a balanced and timely strategy for helping Boston build affordable housing, invest in our parks, and preserve Boston's historic and inclusive character. I thank the City Council for taking this up, and look forward to working with them and our community partners in support of the Community Preservation Act.""Enacted in 2000, the CPA statute allows communities to create a local Community Preservation Fund for open space, historic preservation, and affordable housing. Community preservation funds are raised locally, through a surcharge of the tax levy against real property of up to three percent. Municipalities must adopt CPA by ballot referendum. The statute allows for communities to exempt the first $100,000 of value for all properties, and the majority of new revenue would come from commercial properties.The funds from CPA would provide a significant stream to support affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space initiatives. Communities can decide on the distribution of funds across the three areas covered under the CPA, as long as each area -- open space, historic preservation, and affordable housing -- each receive at least 10 percent of the total available funds.In addition to funds raised by the surcharge, the CPA statute created a statewide Community Preservation Trust Fund, administered by the Department of Revenue. This fund provides matching distributions of funds each year to communities that have adopted CPA. The matching funds come from a surcharge on transaction fees at the Registry of Deeds and special appropriations by the State Legislature. In prior years, the match has ranged from 23 percent to approximately 50 percent. Last year, the match was 29 percent. Currently, 160 cities and towns across the Commonwealth have approved the CPA, and more than $1.6 billion has been raised to date for community preservation funding statewide.  New City revenue from the surcharge is estimated to be $16.5 million annually, and is expected to leverage millions more in state funding every year. The average homeowner would pay an additional $28 per year.To determine which projects will receive funding, on adoption of the Act, Boston would create a Community Preservation Committee. This five-to-nine member board will make recommendations on CPA projects to the City Council. This committee would include at least one member each representing the interests of the Conservation Commission, the Landmarks Commission, Boston's planning department, the Parks Commission, and the Housing Cabinet. ""Thank you to Mayor Walsh and to Council co-sponsors Councilor Michael Flaherty and Councilor Andrea Campbell for their leadership in advancing the opportunity for Boston to capture much-needed funding for priorities that we share,"" said Council President Michelle Wu. ""I'm proud to stand with them in support of the Community Preservation Act and ask voters to approve this mechanism for much-needed resources in November.""A specific CPA proposal is pending before the City Council. Following its adoption by the City Council, the proposal would then be put before voters in the next regularly scheduled municipal or state election. Alternatively, the question could be placed on the ballot without a Council vote, but would require a petition signed by at least five percent of Boston's registered voters, which would be certified by the Election Commission.Since the CPA was enacted 16 years ago, 160 cities and towns in Massachusetts have enacted it."
Boston Public Librarys May schedule is filled with author talks and lectures, book sales, and programs honoring Mothers Day. Visitwww.bpl.org/calendarfor a full schedule.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that according to the City'squarterly housing report, Boston remains on target to meet the goal of creating 53,000 units of housing by 2030. This quarter, 565new housing units were permitted, for a total of 17,183 units that have either been permitted or completed since the launch of theadministration's housing plan,Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030,in October 2014.""Our population is growing faster today than at any time in our city's history, and I'm committed to making sure that Boston stays affordable by meeting the demand of our growing city,"" said Mayor Walsh. "" By working across multiple agencies, this Administration is working everyday to bring new units on line at a variety of income levels, and we are seeing results.""More than 3,000 new units, representing $1.4 billion in new investment, were approved by the City this quarter, resulting in an active development pipeline of 18,644 units of housing. In total, 35,808 new units of housing have either been completed or are in the development process.Currently, there are more than 8,000 new units of housing in construction in Boston - representing more construction employment in the housing sector than at any time in the last 20 years.By the end of Q1 2016, enough new housing had been completed to house 20,237 new Bostonians. Completions are now exceeding projected population growth: in the last year, enough housing came on line to house 5,900 people, while the Metropolitan Area Planning Council's projection for population growth is 4,590 people per year.The City's most recent rental data is beginning to show a slight decrease in the growth of rents in Boston's older buildings, which the City defines as those completed prior to 2011. For example, city-wide, rent for a two bedroom apartment in an older building only increased three percent, which is approximately normal annual rental growth. Demand remains high, however, for studios and one bedroom apartments, which respectively saw 13 and nine percent growth in rental prices. Certain neighborhoods across the city may also be seeing slower rental pricing growth in existing stock: in Back Bay/Beacon Hill, Mattapan, the South End, and the Central district, rents have only risen by one to two percent since 2014.Eight projects creating new low-income housing were approved this quarter by Department of Neighborhood Development and the Neighborhood Housing Trust. These developments will create 450 new units of housing, 325 of which are low-income affordable. The City recently awarded $27 million in funding and 143,000 square feet of City real estate, which will leverage more than $200 million in other private and public resources. Since May, 2015, the Walsh administration has awarded more than $66 million in funding for affordable housing.In his January 2016 State of the City Address, Mayor Walsh highlighted the importance of the City's anti-displacement efforts and announced the creation of the Office of Housing Stability. This new office is charged with the responsibility of preventing involuntary displacement in all its forms. The new office will be a new division of Department of Neighborhood Development, with the goal of being staffed and running at the beginning of FY17. The City currently funds two significant anti-displacement programs: Foreclosure Prevention and Homelessness Prevention. Since 2014, more than 2,000 households have been able to retain their housing as a result of these programs."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the proposed expansion of Artists For Humanity's EpiCenter to help Boston meet the City's dual objectives of providing living wage jobs for urban youth and filling business demand for skilled workers. Mayor Walsh was joined by Artists For Humanity's Executive and Artistic Director Susan Rodgerson as well as by the project's sponsors: Liberty Mutual Insurance Chairman and CEO David H. Long Cabot Corporation CEO Sean Keohane and Vice President of Global Gillette Business at Procter & Gamble John Mang.Based in the Fort Point Community of South Boston,Artists For Humanityis a national leader in youth arts enterprise whose mission is to bridge economic, racial, and social divisions by providing under-resourced urban youth with the keys to self-sufficiency through paid employment in art and design. ""Artists for Humanity is building a new generation of Boston-based artists and creative thinkers, and this expansion project will allow them to provide even more opportunities for our youth to become involved in creative work environments,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Their innovative approach combines arts and culture with STEM curriculum to give our young people the skills to think critically and obtain well-paying careers in the future."" Artists For Humanity is the largest onsite employer of teens in Boston and demand for services has exceeded its current space.To meet the demand for services, Artists For Humanity plans to expand its existing EpiCenter with an additional 52,000 square feet to expand existing initiatives and accommodate new ones. Plans for the expansion include: The vision for the new facility has been made possible through donations from three sponsors: Liberty Mutual Insurance P&G/Gillette and Cabot Corporation. A groundbreaking for the new facility is scheduled for the fall of 2016.To help Artists For Humanity realize its vision for the new facility, Liberty Mutual Insurance donated $1.5 million - an initial $1 million to establish the Liberty Mutual Career Center and, as announced by Liberty Mutual Chairman and CEO David Long at today's kickoff event, and an additional $500,000 to help AFH meet its fundraising goals. The Career Center will provide space forsector-specific apprenticeships and advanced certificate-based trainingincluding experiential learning and STEM (Science-Technology-Engineering-Math) skill development. ""Artists for Humanity is a bridge that links Boston businesses with the next generation of skilled, creative, technologically-savvy employees,"" said Liberty Mutual Chairman and CEO David H. Long. ""Artists for Humanity's mission to provide under-resourced youth with the skills needed to succeed aligns perfectly with Liberty's philanthropic aspiration to change lives and transform communities of our most vulnerable neighbors. We are honored to help bring to fruition this new Career Center that holds the promise of changing the lives of local youths and giving Boston the workforce it needs to be an innovation leader.""  ""A few years back, Artists for Humanity shared a new vision with us,"" said John Mang,Vice President, Global Gillette, The Procter & Gamble Company. ""This vision took a little piece of land and upon it, create something bold, inspiring and far-reaching. This vision enables Artists for Humanity to more than double the number of teens it reaches every year, while enhancing the local community through new services and offerings such as a fully equipped Makers Studio. This dream was so compelling that we wanted to help make it a reality. That is why we made an unprecedented decision to donate a parcel of our land to Artists for Humanity to bring its vision to life."" In 2004, AFH completed theArtists For Humanity EpiCenter- the nation's 9th LEED Platinum building- a facility dedicated to providing young people with employment, opportunity and connections. Working with Behnisch Architekten, Artists For Humanity's new expansion is slated to become the largest energy positive commercial facility on the East Coast. The project includes passive design, radiant heating & cooling, and an innovative 235 kW 'wrapper' of mesh-integrated photovoltaics to power the building. To help achieve this energy positive goal, Cabot Corporation, donated $400,000 worth of its highly insulating aerogel. This product will be used in the unique SOLERA+ LUMIRAaerogel daylighting systems created to provide exceptional thermal performance, as well as natural light distribution and diffusion. ""We are proud to support Artists for Humanity, as this pioneering and iconic facility will not only be a model that can be replicated for green building and renewable energy efforts across the globe, but will demonstrate the energy-saving capabilities of our aerogel technology and the feasibility of green development,"" said Sean Keohane, president and CEO, Cabot Corporation. "
"As part of an annual effort to beautify the streets of Boston in time for the spring season, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today has asked for Boston residents' to participate in Boston Shines, a citywide initiative to clean the neighborhoods across the city. Boston Shines will bring together thousands of volunteers, including businesses, community groups and residents to clean up after the winter season.""The people of Boston take tremendous pride in their neighborhoods and over the next three weekends we will reach every corner of the city to make Boston even more beautiful,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston Shines represents the great work that we can accomplish when we work together to improve the quality of life for our residents. I thank all the volunteers in advance for their help in working to clean our streets and I look forward to doing my part to make Boston shine."" The initiative will take place over the span of three weekends, and will focus on four service areas: physical service, university engagement, youth development and expanding City of Boston volunteer opportunities that help unite neighbors and communities. Through Boston Shines, Mayor Walsh seeks to increase volunteerism and civic engagement across the city, improve the quality of life for all Boston residents, and help demonstrate the City's solidarity working together to make one Boston. Representatives from the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services will call upon residents to help bring vibrancy back to the parks, sidewalks, school yards, and streets. Brooms, shovels, and other tools will be provided by the City for clean-up in the identified neighborhoods. This year, Boston Shines will take place over three weekends in April and May:Individuals, Groups, and Organizations can sign up now at the following link:http://www.cityofboston.gov/ons/bostonshines/register.asp"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the 10th annual Greenovate Boston Award winners today at a special Earth Day celebration at Fenway Park. The City of Boston and Red Sox hosted the celebration with more than 200 attendees to recognize climate action leadership and celebrate environmental sustainability among the Boston community.""Congratulations to all the winners of the Greenovate Boston Awards, who exemplify the spirit of giving back to our community and are leaders in helping make Boston a greener, healthier city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that because of our collaborative efforts the City of Boston has emerged as a global leader in climate action, gaining world-wide recognition for our commitment to environmental sustainability.""Immediately following the awards ceremony, attendees joined individuals and businesses in the Fenway/Kenmore area to kick off the first official weekend of Boston Shines. Volunteers will participate in spring clean-up projects, such as planting flowers, sweeping, raking, and picking up trash, throughout the neighborhood.""Boston is able to contribute to the international conversation on climate change because of the longstanding support we have received from our community about the importance of these issues,""said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space.""This Earth Day, I'm honored to celebrate 10 years of local climate action leaders right here in Boston, and look to work with these leaders as we continue to plan our response to climate change challenges.""The Greenovate Boston Awards recognize outstanding achievement in climate action and environmental sustainability among the Boston community. There were more than 80 nominations this year, and the 14 winners represent local businesses, community organizations, non-profits, residents, and institutions from across the City of Boston.The 10th annual Greenovate Boston Award winners are:About Greenovate Boston:Greenovate Boston is the City's community-wide initiative to engage all Bostonians in helping the City meet its climate and sustainability goals, while continuing to make Boston a thriving, healthy, and innovative city. Learn more atwww.GreenovateBoston.org.About Boston Shines:Each spring, the Office of Neighborhood Services works with the community to organize citywide clean-up projects for three consecutive weekends in each neighborhood. To learn more and register for a project, visit:www.cityofboston.gov/ons/BostonShines/."
"2016 marks the 400thanniversary of William Shakespeares death, and Boston Public Library and the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center will honor the Bards lasting legacy with two exhibitions at the Central Library this fall, as well as programming at library locations citywide. Boston Public Library holds one of the largest and most comprehensive collections of Shakespeare in a public institution, including the first four folios of his collected works, 45 early quarto editions of individual plays, and thousands of volumes of early source material, commentaries, translations, manuscripts, and more.At some point in life, everyone has experienced the work of Shakespeare,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""These opportunities at the Boston Public Library give all the chance to learn more about the creative genius of Shakespeare and how his legacy lives on today.""Shakespeare Unauthorized: Experience the original works of The BardShakespeare Unauthorized, a major gallery exhibition on view from October 14, 2016 through March 31, 2017, will include extraordinarily rare first and early editions of familiar and beloved plays likeA Midsummer Nights Dream,Hamlet, andThe Merchant of Venice, as well as all four Shakespearean folios, most notably the BPLs own copy of the world-famousFirst Folio. Through the pages of these precious books, visitors can experience Shakespeare in his original language and spelling, just as he would have been read by book lovers and theater-goers hundreds of years ago.Shakespeare Unauthorizedwill take place in the McKim Exhibition Hall on the first floor of the McKim building at the Central Library in Copley Square.Shakespeare Unauthorizedis made possible through the financial support ofIron Mountain Incorporated(NYSE: IRM), a leader in storage and information management services. Based in Boston, Iron Mountain provides charitable grants of funding and in-kind services to cultural and historical preservation projects likeShakespeare Unauthorizedall over the world through itsLiving Legacy Initiative.Were proud to help bring this exhibition to life in our home city of Boston, said Ty Ondatje, senior vice president, Corporate Responsibility and Chief Diversity Officer at Iron Mountain. Our philanthropic mission is to preserve and create access to our worlds cultural and historical treasures, those ideas and artifacts that make up the human experience, so that they can be shared and enjoyed by everyone. The works of Shakespeare are the very definition of these shared treasures, informing so much of how we view and talk about todays world, and were extremely excited to underwrite the Librarys exhibition so they can make this collection available to all.Shakespeare Unauthorizedwill contain far more than just books of plays: this exhibition will feature surprising rarities and mysterious objects scandalous forgeries made by con men and accomplished scholars books from the luxurious private libraries of early English aristocrats and memorabilia from four centuries of acting and stagecraft.We are indebted to Iron Mountain for their leadership grant to the Boston Public Library Foundation, and for partnering with the BPL in displaying its extensive collection of Shakespeare materials, said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard. This exhibition of rare and invaluable items promises to provide an inspiring adventure for all who visit.We are also very grateful for the critical funding provided by The Boston Foundation, and the Associates of the Boston Public Library, for curatorial and conservation work that supported this project.Shakespeares World: Charting a course through the settings of Shakespeares worksThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library, an independent, non-profit institution, will feature a complementary exhibitionShakespeares Worldopening September 3, 2016 and running through February 2017, with associated programming to be announced. William Shakespeares comedies, tragedies, and histories take place in a number of fascinating and often picturesque locations throughout Europe, Asia and Africa, in eras from classical times to the Renaissance. In this exhibition of forty maps, images and three-dimensional objects, visitors will visit these locales by seeing items from Shakespeares lifetime, learning about the world in the time of Shakespeare, and understanding the symbolic role that geography held to the dramas.Kronborg Castle in Denmark, known as Elsinore inHamlet, will be highlighted in the exhibition.A 1629 Dutch map depicting the Danish Kingdom, along with a vignette illustrating Elsenor, will be on display. Complementing this map will be an original print of Cronenburg from Samuel von Pufendorfs 1696 historical atlas. Geographically-significant quotes from the dramas will set the stage for the visitors, such as Marcellus line fromHamlet,Something is rotten in the state of Denmark (Act 1, scene 4). Visitors will also see Heinrich Bntings famous Clover leaf map from 1581 and Abraham Ortelius 1570 edition ofTheatrum Orbis Terrarum.This is an unusual opportunity for visitors to see rarely displayed treasures from the Boston Public Librarys collection, as well as prized maps from the collection of our founder Norman B. Leventhal, all helping The Bards world come alive to visitors, said Connie Chin, President of the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center.Related public programs will take place citywide and a schedule is currently in development.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About IRON MOUNTAINIron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is a leading provider of storage and information management services. The companys real estate network of more than 69 million square feet across more than 1,100 facilities in 37 countries allows it to serve customers around the world. And its solutions forrecords management,data management,document management, andsecure shreddinghelp organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and better use their information. Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information assets, including business documents, backup tapes, electronic files and medical data. Visitwww.ironmountain.comfor more information.About theNORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTERThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps at maps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.Boston Public Library image: William ShakespearesFirst Folio, 1623. Boston Public Library, Rare Books Department.Map Center image: Heinrich Bnting (1545-1606).Die Gantze Welt in ein Kleberblat. Magdeburg, 1581. Courtesy Mapping Boston Foundation."
"Boston has long been a leader in addressing climate change, from setting abold carbon reduction goalto chairing the global C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group. Extreme weather events like Hurricane Sandy and last winters blizzards affirm the need for the City to be a leader on climate change, and we are taking action.Through Imagine Boston 2030, weve talked with residents from every neighborhood of the city about their priorities for Bostons future and they agree that preparing for climate change and creating sustainable neighborhoods is critical to our future. As a result, one of Imagine Bostons goals is to promote a healthy environment and adapt to a changing climate.""Imagine Bostons climate goal is supported by the Citys Environment Department, which is leading the conversation on climate change through Climate Ready Boston. Building on the framework in the City Climate Action Plan, Climate Ready Boston focuses on how the city can continue to thrive by preparing for the increasing risks from rising sea level, more frequent flooding, more intense precipitation, and higher temperatures. And while we prepare, were also pushing our carbon emission reduction work even further, knowing that this is critical to preventing climate change from impacting our city in the long term.Climate Ready Boston and Imagine Boston are closely linked. The Climate Ready Boston team is updating the projections for local climate change, assessing in more detail Bostons vulnerabilities, identifying critical means and ways to reduce our vulnerabilities and developing a roadmap forward. All of this information will directly inform Imagine Boston, so when we identify places to preserve, enhance and grow between now, and 2030 and beyond, we build this vision on a clear understanding of how climate change will shape our city.Today, on Earth Day, we are celebrating the work undertaken by Bostonians from every corner of the city to clean up and improve our environment, reduce our carbon emissions, and prepare for the climate impacts we already feel. TheGreenovateteam, which is the Citys community-wide initiative to engage all Bostonians in helping the City meet its climate and sustainability goals, is celebrating the Citys climate action champions at Fenway Park, where Mayor Walsh will announce the winners of the 10th Annual Greenovate Awards. Keep your eyes peeled around town too  the Greenovate unicorn bike will be hidden somewhere in the Hubway system.The Boston Yeti made a rare springtime appearanceto remind us that climate change is more than snowfall, and we need to be ready for some change.Continue followingGreenovateto engage with the Citys climate action, and to learn more about theClimate Ready Bostonproject and findings we will release this summer.Mia Goldwasser is the Climate Preparedness Program Manager for the City of Boston Environment Department"
"Through his Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17) budget and capital plan proposal, Mayor Martin J. Walsh is continuing his commitment to delivering exceptional basic services to all of Boston's residents. The Mayor's Building a Better Boston capital plan increases Boston's street resurfacing and sidewalk repair program by nearly $4 million and bridge repair by over $6 million. ""Through engaging with our residents, we know the importance of providing dependable basic services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This additional funding will allow us to build on our success over the past two years of providing the highest quality of basic services and create cleaner, safer streets for our neighborhoods.""Last year, the Boston Public Works Department (PWD) paved 42 miles of roads, and the increased funding will increase the paving budget by a third.Building on the nearly 100 miles of road work performed in the last two years, this funding will create more accessible sidewalks for pedestrians and smoother roads for drivers and cyclists along Boston's major arteries. Increased bridge funding will help prepare spans, such as the North Washington Street Bridge, for more comprehensive capital improvements.This capital plan also invests $66.7 million in the comprehensive redesign of squares, corridors and public spaces across the city. Examples of these planning, design and construction projects include East Boston's Central Square, the Commonwealth Avenue corridor in Brighton and Allston, Dudley Street in Roxbury, North Square in the North End, Quincy Street in Dorchester and Audubon Circle in the Fenway. Each project will help transform these areas reflecting the vision of the local community.Go Boston 2030, Boston's comprehensive transportation planning effort, has revealed that one of the top priorities among residents is the delivery of basic services.The launch of Boston 311 last year has also allowed the City of Boston to better understand what Boston residents want. The new modernized and efficient system has allowed City of Boston employees to quickly respond to resident's requests and resolve issues.Boston 311 can be accessed anywhere within the City limits from both landlines and cell phones, and should only be used for non-emergencies. 311 will be available through several different platforms, including:As part of his budget proposal, the Mayor has also announced that starting in FY17, Boston 311 will reach even more residents by adding translators for six different languages."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department today announced that the 18thAnnual NeighborhoodCoffeeHourSeries will run in local parks citywide fromMay 4 to June 22.""We've increased our NeighborhoodCoffeeHoursthis year to give even more residents the opportunity to learn about and discuss city services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage everyone to come out and enjoy our parks at thesecoffeehoursas the warm weather approaches.""The NeighborhoodCoffeeHoursgive residents a unique opportunity to speak directly with Mayor Walsh and other city officials about needs in their neighborhoods.Through these discussions and a suggestion box at each site, thecoffeehoursgive the City insight on how to improve city services. Information will be available on City programs from the Boston Public Library, Boston Public Schools, Boston Police Department, and Boston Centers for Youth & Families.All participants will enjoycoffeeand breakfast provided by Dunkin' Donuts and fresh fruit from Whole Foods Market. In addition, each family in attendance will receive a flowering plant grown in the city's greenhouses as a gift from Mayor Walsh. Residents at the event will also be eligible to win a raffle prize from Dunkin' Donuts.  Allcoffeehourswill be held from9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.Dates for the full schedule of Mayor Walsh's 2016 NeighborhoodCoffeeHoursare as follows. Locations are weather permitting unless otherwise noted.CoffeeHoursbeing held in conjunction with park openings are also noted: Wednesday, May 4Doherty Playground (rain or shine) 349 Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown Thursday, May 5Almont Park40 Almont Street, Mattpan Tuesday, May 10M Street/Medal of Honor Park775 East First Street, South BostonWednesday, May 11Iacono Playground (rain or shine) 150 Readville Street, Hyde Park Thursday, May 12Little Scobie Playground (with opening celebration)36 Copeland Street, Roxbury Tuesday, May 17Peters Park 230 Shawmut Avenue, South End Wednesday, May 18Adams Park4225 Washington Street, Rosindale Friday, May 20American Legion Playground (with opening celebration) 35 American Legion Highway, Franklin Park, Dorchester Friday, May 27Commonwealth Avenue Mall1 Commonwealth Avenue, Back Bay Wednesday, June 1Joyce Playground 80 Union Street, Brighton Thursday, June 2LoPresti Park (with opening celebration) 33 Sumner Street, East Boston Thursday, June 9  Arnold Arboretum  125 The Arborway, Jamaica Plain Tuesday, June 14Ramler Park130 Peterborough Street, Fenway Wednesday, June 15Lt. Edward Walsh and Firefighter Michael Kennedy Tot Lot 369 LaGrange Street, West Roxbury Thursday, June 16Myrtle Street Playground 50 Myrtle Street, Beacon Hill Tuesday, June 21Hemenway Playground (with opening celebration) 540 Adams Street, Dorchester Wednesday, June 22Elliot Norton Park (with opening celebration)295 Tremont Street, Bay Village/Chinatown Wednesday, June 29Christopher Columbus Park (rain or shine) 110 Atlantic Avenue, North End For more information and updates on possible weather cancellations, please contact the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at(617) 635-4505or online at Facebook or Twitter@bostonparksdept."
Boston Public Library celebrates Money Smart Week April 23-30, a national initiative designed to help consumers better manage their personal finances. Adult programming at the Central Library in Copley Square is presented by the BPLs Kirstein Business Library please register for these by contacting 617.859.2142 orbusinessref@bpl.org.Basic financial literacy is an essential life skill that everyone needs, for everyday planning like managing your paycheck or a weekly budget, to decisions regarding buying a first home, starting a small business, or planning for retirement, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. BPL is committed to providing resources that can make a difference in our users lives, helping everyone be prepared to take advantage of opportunities that come their way.Programs:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
To share the conversation with as many viewers as possible, we live-streamed the event on Periscope, took overOnly in BOSs Snapchat handle, and live-tweeted the discussion (and trended!) on Twitter. Werent able to tune in? Heres what you missed:
"BOSTON -Wednesday, April 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today significant investment for homelessness services Boston to further the goals of the city'sAction Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness in Boston.The increased funding for homelessness services is included in the Mayor's budget proposal for Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17).The $1.3 million allocation to support the implementation of the Mayor's Homelessness Action Plan covers three main areas: Supporting front door triage rapid re-housing rental assistance and increasing assistance to Family Aid. The FY17 budget also includes an increase of $2 million in federal funds to provide low barrier permanent supportive housing for the homeless. Taken together, these allocations further the goals of the Action Plan and help provide a safety net for Boston's most vulnerable residents.""I'm proud that through thoughtful savings and finding new efficiencies, we are able to increase funding to help our homeless residents not only find safe, stable housing, but to access the supports and services they need,"" said Mayor Walsh.Front Door Triage:The budget allocation will fund the creation of additional full-time triage staff, who will complement the triage staff at the City's Southampton Street shelter. Across those two sites, the staff members will form a unified triage program and act as intake workers for individuals who are first entering the homeless system. The workers will assess the specific needs of individuals in crisis, and will rapidly direct them to the appropriate resources such as referrals to appropriate substance abuse or mental health treatment programs, moving costs, temporary storage costs, or transportation to reunify individuals with family and friends.Enhancing and expanding the number of these staff members iscritical to ensuring that individuals receive the resources that meet their unique needs. In addition, the budget allocation includes flexible funds to help homeless individuals to return to their communities of origin.Rapid Rehousing:The data upon which the homelessness plan is based clearly demonstrates that the longer individuals remain in shelter, the more difficult it is for them to leave shelter. Rapid Rehousing is an approach that moves homeless households to housing as quickly as possible by providing the amount, type, and duration of assistance needed to stabilize the household. Rapid rehousing reduces reliance on the shelter system, and prevents individuals from becoming chronically homeless. Family Aid assistance:Family Aid provides emergency shelter to families who become homeless and are not eligible for state assistance by placing these families in area hotel and motel rooms for a short time while they search for longer term housing. Although the family shelter system is managed by the Commonwealth, the City recognizes that occasionally, families may not qualify for the state shelter system these funds will help Family Aid stabilize these families in crisis so that they have time to find safe, stable housing. The program focuses on those who would otherwise be eligible but are typically working and over income for state funded shelter. In addition, in FY17, the City is investing an additional $1M in resources to enhance safety and service at the Woods Mullen and Southampton Street shelters. The investments, which include hiring a mix of coordinators, assistant coordinators, counselors, and security staff, will enable the Public Health Commission to efficiently operate the shelters on 24/7 basis and better assist Boston's most vulnerable population with case management, medical and behavioral health services, career counseling, job training, substance abuse prevention, and housing support.The Walsh Administration's action plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness set forth the goal of ending veterans homelessness by 2015 and chronic individual homelessness by 2018. In his January 2016 State of the City speech, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston had effectively ended chronic homelessness among veterans. At the time of the launch of the effort to end veterans homelessness, there were 414 homeless veterans in Boston. Since then, more than 600 homeless veterans have been housed, at a rate of approximately one per day. Thetotal number of homeless veterans on a given night has declined 44 percent since December 2013. The City will now scale up its efforts around ending chronic homelessness. In February, Mayor Walsh announced the selection of Green River, a Brattleboro technology company, to create a centralized platformthat will allow shelters, housing companies and emergency facilities to engage on a single tech platform, in order tohelp match homeless people in Boston to housing and resources best suited to their needs. View the Mayor's entire FY17 recommended budget at boston.gov/recommendedbudget."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that strong measures aimed at ensuring safe and reliable travel on City of Boston streets will be a key component in his administration's proposed fiscal year 2017 budget that was presented to the Boston City Council yesterday morning. A total of $3.1 million is proposed for Vision Zero in FY17 and $9.3 million over the next three years. Vision Zero is an international initiative to eliminate traffic fatalities and serious injuries. The City is also making additional investments in traffic signal and bike infrastructure. The budget calls for $2 million in FY17 for the City's vast traffic signal network to ensure that appropriate maintenance, re-timing and upgrading may be accomplished in the upcoming year. Another $900,000 is allocated to advance the City's strategic bike network. ""It is important that our transportation infrastructure provides the best and safest way for people to travel throughout the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ensuring the safety of all of our residents and visitors is a top priority and these investments will help bring us one step closer to achieving Vision Zero and creating safer streets across our city."" ""Our streets should be welcoming and beautiful, and getting around our city should be predictable and comfortable,"" said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. ""That work - and this budget - starts with making our streets safe for everyone, whether you are walking, biking, taking the T or driving."" In the spring of 2015, Mayor Walsh committed to Vision Zero and appointed an inter-agency and inter-disciplinary Task Force that worked to produce an Action Plan by December. TheAction Plansummarizes the progress that has been made to date and outlines the steps that will be taken to achieve the City's Vision Zero goals. The creation of a Rapid Response Team is one action item that has already been implemented. The Team, made up of Vision Zero Task Force members, now responds to critical and fatal crash locations to analyze the cause of a crash and gain insight to bring about corrective action. Recent progress also includes the introduction of aTransportation Safety Concerns Map, an online tool that allows visitors to identify locations where they have concerns about traffic safety.Upcoming plans identified in the Vision Zero Action Plan include:The City of Boston has recently been selected as one of 10 U.S. cities to participate in the Vision Zero Focus Cities Program, a new initiative developed by the national Vision Zero Network. Along with Austin, TX Washington, DC New York City, NY Chicago, IL Fort Lauderdale, FL Seattle, WA Portland, OR San Francisco, CA and Los Angeles, CA Boston was selected in recognition of the City's leadership and innovative work toward achieving Vision Zero goals that will change the way that safe mobility is prioritized. The $2 million proposed for Traffic Signal Improvements will also work toward the achievement of the City of Boston's safe, reliable and accessible streets priority. Currently, there are 849 signalized intersections operated by the Boston Transportation Department. A multitude of traffic signal poles, signal heads and bulbs, pedestrian pushbuttons and embedded sensors is located at each of these intersections. In addition, cable connects 556 of these intersections to the Traffic Management Center at City Hall providing City of Boston Traffic Engineers with the ability to remotely adjust traffic signal timing at these intersections to accommodate traffic congestion, special events and emergency situations. ""Our traffic signal systems is complex, and frequently updating all of our equipment and keeping it in good working condition at all times is crucial to the effective functioning of our streets,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""The proposed investment in traffic signals will assist BTD in our efforts to provide a traffic signal system that safely and equitably ushers all users of Boston's streets to their destinations."" Completing a comprehensive retiming of traffic signals at every intersection in the City of Boston at least once every five years is an objective that will benefit from this additional funding. New traffic signal timings are based on current data gained from traffic studies that count the number of people walking and riding bikes, as well as the number of all types of motor vehicles traveling through an intersection in a given period of time. Signals are retimed to accurately reflect current activity and travel patterns resulting in signals that minimize stops and delays, decrease fuel consumption and air pollution emissions, and promote safe, efficient and progressive movement through the intersection. BTD recently completed the retiming of traffic signals at 18 intersections in Dorchester and anticipates the project will reduce total delays by 10-14%, and decrease emission and fuel consumption by 8% at those 18 locations. Traffic signal retiming projects will also take place in Roxbury, Jamaica Plain, Roslindale and Brighton in the coming months. In FY15, BTD retimed traffic signals at 115 locations which included, among others, 62 intersections in the Back Bay, as well as signals on Atlantic Avenue, Seaport Boulevard, Kenmore Square, Bennington Street in East Boston, Hyde Park Avenue, and Massachusetts Avenue. For more information on Vision Zero please visitwww.visionzeroboston.organd for more information on the City of Boston's traffic signal system please visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/transportation/TME/"
"BOSTON - Thursday, April 14, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the strategic rebranding of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, formerly known as the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians, to help encompass the evolving needs of Boston's immigrant community. As part of a concerted effort to empower immigrant residents and recognize their contributions to our city, Mayor Walsh also launched Immigrant Information Corners at the Boston Public Library's Central Library in Copley Square and 24 neighborhood branches to provide information about resources and services available to help advance the well-being of the city's immigrant residents.The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement signifies the administration's proactive engagement of the immigrant community by encouraging their active participation in the city's policies and programs. Twenty-seven percent of Boston residents are foreign-born, and nearly half of Boston Public School students have a foreign-born parent.""In the City of Boston our immigrant population represents a dynamic and growing landscape and it is our hope that with this rebranding effort and the launch of Immigrant Information Corners, we are better able to serve our immigrant residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Immigrants interact with the city's library branches more than any other city agency, which offers us a great opportunity to engage our residents in their neighborhoods. The impact that immigrants have on our city will continue to grow in the years ahead and it is important that we plan for this growth and make sure it reaches everyone.""""While service referrals and cultural celebrations will always be vital functions or our office, we will now focus on bringing important voices into key conversations,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes diverse external stakeholders for important initiatives, and works collaboratively across departments to improve service delivery.""The launch of the Immigrant Information Corners is the result of a letter of agreement signed by Mayor Walsh and Leon Rodriguez, Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), in June 2015 to promote citizenship in Boston by providing materials on the naturalization process, warning residents about scams, and highlighting the benefits and responsibilities of U.S. citizenship.The Immigrant Information Corners will also provide information about financial empowerment resources and general public and community services. Some Immigrant Information Corners will feature information sessions, office hours, and workshops. The initiative involves a collaboration between the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, USCIS, the Boston Public Library, the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment and community organizations. Staffing and programming for the Immigrant Information Corners is made possible through the support of Boston Cares, Corporation for National and Community Service, and Citi Community Development.""Libraries are a very important resource for the whole community, and with new Immigrant Information Corners throughout the city they will play an increasingly significant role, providing critical information on the journey towards becoming a citizen,"" said David Leonard, Boston Public Library Interim President.""We are pleased to be part of today's launch of Immigrant Information Corners at the Boston Public Library,"" said Denis Riordan, USCIS Boston District Director. ""Boston's aspiring citizens will now be able to visit their local library branch to find free USCIS citizenship preparation information and materials. Our nation's libraries play a vital role in serving immigrant communities, and we are proud to join in this announcement during National Library Week. ""Connected to the overall vision for the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, Mayor Walsh also announced the formation of the City's Task Force on Foreign-Trained Professionals to explore how city government can support residents who have received workforce training or higher education from outside of the United States. Additionally, the Boston Redevelopment Authority published ""Imagine All the People"" a series of demographic reports based on country or origin for our residents that provides a comprehensive profile of Boston's diverse immigrant communities."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17) budget proposal, a balanced and responsible plan that is responsive to the needs to Boston's residents. The budget builds on the Administration's strong and proactive fiscal management practices, implements department audit recommendations to achieve operational efficiencies and modernize processes, employs data-driven decision making, and continues to address long-term systemic challenges affecting the residents of Boston that have built up over many years. Through thoughtful reforms that achieve savings, and improved utilization of existing funds, Mayor Walsh's FY17 budget is able to make targeted investments toward achieving a thriving, healthy and innovative City.""I am proud that this budget reflects our shared commitment to strong fiscal management-in the savings we have achieved, and in the new investments those savings make possible,"" said Mayor Walsh. "" This is a forward-looking budget that puts us on the cutting edge of both policy vision and operational excellence. Together, by strong collaboration and bold reform, we can fight inequality and ensure that our city's prosperity is shared widely."" Members of the public can learn more about Mayor Walsh's recommended budget atboston.gov/recommendedbudget.Strong Fiscal ManagementMayor Walsh is able to present a balanced budget that maintains high levels of support in critical areas because of the Administration's achievement of efficiencies and savings. The City's data-driven managerial approach was recently validated by the affirmation of Boston's triple A bond rating. In its first two years, the Administration has systematically engaged in independent operational reviews and other planning efforts aimed at making government more efficient in order to address areas needing renewed attention.In order to invest in the areas that will keep Boston thriving, the City has implemented a number of cost saving reforms in FY17:Through operational reviews, data-driven initiatives, and other planning efforts, the Walsh Administration has identified need for investment in key areas ranging from access to quality early childhood education, to addressing chronic and veteran homelessness, to reducing Emergency Medical Services (EMS) response time.EducationThe School Committee approved a $1.027 billion budget for the Boston Public Schools (BPS), an appropriation amount that could go up when the next round of collective bargaining agreements are negotiated. Total education spending (including district and charter schools) will be 40% of the city budget. According to a report by the US Census Bureau, the Boston Public Schools invest more money per student than any of the 100 largest school districts in the nation. Increasing Access to Quality Early Childhood EducationThis budget includes $3 million to expand BPS K1 programming by 200 seats, building on the 200 new K1 seats added in BPS schools over the last two years.Investing Thoughtfully in Special EducationBPS will invest in special education in three critical areas: support teams to work directly in schools with teachers and school staff, a new data system that will give parents timely and accurate access to IEP information, and transition services for students as they prepare to move on from BPS. HousingImplementing Boston's Homeless Action PlanTo support the Mayor's Action Plan committed to ending chronic individual homelessness by 2018, the FY17 budget includes an increase of $1.3 million in general funds and $2 million in federal funds to provide front door triage staff at Pine Street Inn, rapid re-housing rental assistance, additional emergency shelter to families, and low barrier permanent supportive housing for the homeless.Improving Homeless Shelter Service and SafetyThe budget improves services and safety at Southampton Street and Woods Mullen homeless shelters by better assisting Boston's most vulnerable population with career counseling, job training, substance abuse prevention, and transitional and permanent housing support services. It will also allow for the full implementation of a front door triage department that enables shelter staff to meet with every new guest entering the shelters to conduct an in-depth assessment, and to develop a client-centered plan to exit the emergency shelter system as quickly as possible.Basic City Services and Safer StreetsDelivering Exceptional Basic City ServicesThis budget increases Boston's street resurfacing and sidewalk repair program by nearly $4 million and bridge repair by over $6 million.Helping People Move Through the City Safely and ReliablyIn FY17, City is investing $3.1 million in Vision Zero - a campaign Mayor Walsh launched in 2015 to eliminate serious injuries and fatalities in our roadways.Parks FirstWith operating and capital investments, Mayor Walsh is launching Parks First, a comprehensive initiative ensuring that Boston's open spaces are among the Nation's most accessible and equitable. Mayor Walsh has dedicated $47.6 million in capital funds to Boston's parks, and the FY17 operating budget will be the largest in the department's history.Improving Access and EquityA two-year, $5 million dollar investment in pathway and entrance improvements to Boston's largest open space, Franklin Park, will increase usage and safety. Park renovation projects at Smith Playground in Allston, Noyes Park in East Boston, and Garvey Playground in Dorchester will create more inclusive parks, and FY17 will see the beginning of a comprehensive redesign of the 45-acre Harambee Park in Dorchester and Mattapan. Striving toward ExcellenceParks First will expand the department's seasonal park ranger and maintenance workforce to ensure that Boston's neighborhood parks receive an increased level of care and safe spaces for residents and visitors. Health and SafetyIncreased EMS ResourcesTo meet the heightened demand for emergency medical services fueled by an increasing population and to ensure Mayor Walsh's vision for Boston as the healthiest city in the nation, the Administration is investing in additional EMTs and new ambulance vehicles for FY17.Improving Addiction Services through Boston 311As a result of the opiates crisis in Boston and across the nation, the City is adding resources to the Public Health Commission's PAATHS (Providing Access to Addictions Treatment, Hope and Support) program, a one-stop shop for those seeking information about, or access to, addiction treatment services. Individuals will now be able to reach the PAATHS program through Boston's 311 service.Enhancing Community Center Hours and ProgrammingBCYF will dedicate the Grove Hall Community Center as a senior center, expandSaturdayevening hours, enable five centers to operate 7-days per week, and allow 17 centers to operate 6-days per week, resulting in centers that are better equipped to provide quality programming for all residents, especially seniors and youth. This expansion will come at no additional cost to the taxpayer, as BCYF will realign operations and focus its resources on sites with uninterrupted access and increased demand for more programs.Revitalizing Fire Engines and LaddersBased on recommendations from the Fire department's independent operational review, Boston will launch a revamped fire engine and ladder replacement plan to replace 48% of the fleetwithin 4 years, and 78%within 8 years. In FY17, the department will acquire 15 new fire apparatus and improve vehicle maintenance. Expanding Access for AllConnect all Boston Public Schools to the City's fiber networkThe City will expand its fiber optic network to connect approximately 90 additional public schools reducing costs and making more bandwidth available.Enhancing Translation and Interpretation ServicesBoston will launch new methods of engagement with the non-English speaking residents of Boston. Starting in FY17, Boston 311 call takers will have the ability to interact with Bostonians through interpreters. The City will also be able to translate more newsletters and other notices in a variety of languages. Building Thriving Community LibrariesBoston will launch the reinvigoration of the Adams Branch Library, begin replacement of the Uphams Corner Branch Library, begin design and construction at the Dudley Branch Library, and continue construction on the renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch. Branch library projects not only improve library services in neighborhoods, but can also assist with local economic development efforts as well."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) have announced the release of the 2016 BCYF Summer Grants RFP. Applicants may apply for a 2016 BCYF Summer Grant of up to $4,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer.I am pleased to be able to offer this grant to support the innovative and engaging programming provided by our non-profit partners during the summer months, said Mayor Walsh. Thousands of Bostons young people will have a great summer thanks to the agencies the BCYF Summer Grant supports.The grants range from $2,000 to $4,000 and will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to be served must range from 6-18 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate between July 5 and August 31. Last year, over half of the 63 programs that were awarded funding had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus, 20% of the programs were art-based and the rest offered educational or community and civic engagement opportunities.Even though BCYF offers hundreds of summer programs, we rely on our non-profit partners to join us in keeping Bostons youth happy, healthy and safe during the summer, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. I cant wait to review the applications we will receive from all areas of the City.The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Thursday, April 28. For more information including the RFP, please visitBoston.Gov/BCYF.
"BOSTON -Tuesday, April 12, 2016- The City of Boston today announced the release of ""A History of Boston in 50 Artifacts"", written by CityArchaeologistJoseph Bagley. The book will be launched at Faneuil Hall's Great Hall at6 p.m. today.""The City of Boston has a rich history that isbrought back to life by the discovery of artifacts and mementos from our past,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I congratulate Joe on this great accomplishment and thank him for his commitment to giving back to the city's archaeology department.""The book features 50 artifacts excavated fromarchaeologicalsites throughout Boston and traces over 12,000 years of human history in Boston. It takes a unique approach to Boston's historical past by surfacing untold stories of everyday Bostonians, including an illegal 17th century bowling ball from a puritan women's outhouse, Native American stone tools from Boston Common, and musket balls from the Siege of Boston.""I'm extremely excited to see these artifacts appreciated by the general public, and I hope the people of Boston better understand the contributions archaeologycan make to history,"" said Bagley.All of the proceeds from book sales will go to funding the City'sArchaeology Program, which offers many services to Boston residents and visitors. The ArchaeologyProgram oversees regulation ofarchaeologicalsites, excavations on City-owned properties, the operation of Boston'sArchaeologyLaboratory in West Roxbury, and numerous educational events throughout the year. It was first established in 1983.For a first look at the artifacts featured in ""A History of Boston in 50 Artifacts"", residents, visitors, and press are encouraged to attend the premiere launch event today. Books will be available for purchase and signing."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, April 12, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new partnership with Verizon to make Boston one of the most technologically advanced cities in the country by replacing its copper-based infrastructure with a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network platform across the city. The new network will offer enormous bandwidth and speeds. Through an investment of more than $300 million from Verizon over six years, this change will bring increased competition and choice for broadband and entertainment services in Boston, and support the ongoing efforts to spur innovation and economic opportunity in all neighborhoods.Construction of the fiber-optic network will be completed by neighborhood to concentrate resources and provide an expedited timeline. Initially, the project will begin in Dorchester, West Roxbury and the Dudley Square neighborhood of Roxbury in 2016, followed by Hyde Park, Mattapan, and other areas of Roxbury and Jamaica Plain. The city has also agreed to provide an expedited permitting process to encourage this build.""Boston is moving faster than our current infrastructure can support, and a modern fiber-optic communications platform will make us a next level city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Additionally, it is a priority to ensure that every resident has expanded access to broadband and increasing competition is critical to reaching that goal. I thank Verizon for their investment in Boston and for partnering with the city to provide the foundation for future technology growth.""Boston has long been a leader in innovative communications technology, dating back to 1877 with the first old-time telephone line from Boston to Somerville. In 2010, Verizon built one of the world's first 4G LTE networks in Boston and, shortly after, opened its Waltham Innovation Center, which will host Verizon's development and testing of cutting-edge 5G wireless.""This transformation isn't just about advanced new fiber optic technology - it's about the innovative services this platform will allow people to create and use, today and in the future,"" said Verizon Wireline Network President Bob Mudge. ""We are delivering the promise of the digital world to families, schools and medical facilities, businesses and entrepreneurs, while strengthening our neighborhoods and communities. We are a proud partner in building toward a brighter, shared future.""This partnership will also improve wireless services in Boston by enabling Verizon to attach wireless equipment to city street lights and utility poles, helping residents get fast, reliable mobile service.As a next step, the city will begin the cable television licensing process. Upon successful completion of the licensing process, Verizon expects to offer Fios TV service in Boston. Similar franchise agreements have resulted in benefits for the city and its residents including financial support for public access and digital equity programs, and connectivity for schools and other community institutions.""Innovators, entrepreneurs and businesses in neighborhoods throughout Boston desire local spaces with strong connectivity to foster their ideas,"" said Roxbury Innovation Center Program Manager Alessandra Brown. ""For people and groups who utilize the Roxbury Innovation Center, this fiber-optic build-out means better access to information, technology, and education services, while laying the groundwork for continued growth for years to come. The Dudley Square neighborhood, like so many areas of Boston, will greatly benefit from this fiber-optic network, enabling opportunity and promoting economic development.""Underscoring the city's and Verizon's shared vision of using technology to improve economic opportunity for low-income residents, Verizon kicked off the new collaboration by presenting a $100,000 Digital Equity contribution to the city, which will be used to support a mobile hotspot lending program at the Boston Public Library.In addition to other benefits, this partnership includes an innovative ""Smart Cities"" trial that will address traffic safety and congestion along the Massachusetts Avenue Vision Zero Priority Corridor. The city and Verizon will experiment with sensors and advanced traffic signal control technology to increase safety, measure bicycle traffic, improve public transit vehicle flow, and decrease congestion. Future ""Smart Cities"" applications will address other key services, including environmental sensors, energy efficiency, and city lighting management.All neighborhood residents and small businesses will have a voice in which neighborhoods get fiber-optic technology first. A free online registration process will be used to assess demand and help Verizon prioritize its fiber-optic network construction schedule. Residents and businesses should visit Verizon.com/BostonFiberto register and cast their vote, beginning with the Dorchester, West Roxbury and Dudley square area neighborhoods."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued aproclamationpermanently designatingApril 15as ""One Boston Day."" Last year marked the beginning of this new annual Boston tradition that serves as an opportunity to celebrate the resiliency, generosity, and strength demonstrated by the people of Boston and those around the world in response to the tragedy of April 15, 2013.""April 15is a date that has come to stand for our city's deepest values, and we continue to be amazed by the spirit of the day, in the City, and around the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to sign this proclamation so that everyApril 15we are inspired to come together to honor the bravery, the resolve and the unity of the City by reaching out, helping those in need, committing random acts of kindness.""""One Boston Day"" encourages random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community. The new tradition came together in 2015 based on the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon.The City of Boston has launchedonebostonday.org, where individuals and organizations can share their plans for One Boston Day and are encouraged to use the hashtag #OneBostonDay. As in the past, Hill Holliday is serving as the creative and digital marketing partner to help spread awareness and raise the visibility of One Boston Day.Moment of SilenceThe City of Boston will hold a moment of silence at2:49 p.m.onApril 15to mark the three-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings and church bells will then ring throughout the City. Mayor Walsh is encouraging people outside of the City, and around the world, to join Bostonians in the moment of silence.The City of Boston has organized several different efforts to honor One Boston Day, including:Donation Drive for Flint, MichiganMayor Walsh has reached out to Mayor Karen Weaver of Flint, Michigan to offer any assistance during this time of need, and the City of Flint has accepted this offer. OnApril 15, the City will be running a donation drive for specific items Flint has indicated are most needed:pre-mixed baby formula, baby wipes and hand sanitizer.Donations will be accepted at the third floor of City Hall, at 1010 Mass Ave at the Inspectional Services Department on the 5th floor, all Boston Children, Youth and Families (BCYF) Community Centers, and all fire and police stations as well as all Boston Public Libraries.Donation Drive for the St. Francis HouseIn partnership with John Hancock Financial, the City of Boston is collecting used adult sneakers for the St. Francis House to benefit homeless men and women across Boston. Large collection boxes will be on the third floor of City Hall, and on One Boston Day there will be a collection box at the Marathon Jumbotron on the corner of Exeter and Boylston from11 a.m. - 2 p.m.The general public is encouraged to donate. The St. Francis House is New England's largest day shelter and the largest distributor of clothing and shoes to Boston's homeless population.311In addition, the City's BOS:311 app will have special One Boston Day reports on Friday which will allow people to share and post pictures of how they are honoring the day. The free BOS:311 app can be downloaded on iOS or Android athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/doit/apps/311.aspAdditional details about Mayor Walsh's schedule on One Boston Day, as well as service projects throughout the City will be available later this week."
"The City of Boston ElectionDepartment announced today that polls will be opentomorrowfrom7:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m.for the Special State Primary on Tuesday, April 12.Ballots have been printed for Boston's51,864registered voters who live in the 1st Suffolk and Middlesex Senate District which includes 22,720 in the Democratic Party, 5,174 in the Republican party, 213 in the United Independent Party, 48 in the Green-Rainbow Party, and 23,709 voters who are not enrolled in any political party (unenrolled are often referred to as Independents) and may chose one party's ballot to vote with onApril 12th, 2016. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 165 poll workers to staff more than 18 polling locations, covering approximately 25 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Election results will be posted online atwww.boston.govafter the polls close at8:00 p.m.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Members of the media are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines:"
The Boston Transportation Department today announced that vehicles parked illegally in Resident Parking Only spaces in the Fenway/Kenmore residential neighborhood when there is a Red Sox game or any other event at Fenway Park will be subject to a $100 fine. The fine increase was implemented in 2015 as a pilot program and permanently adopted this spring.Baseball fans heading to Fenway Park today are urged to leave their personal vehicles at home and take another form of transportation. Information on Hubway, the regional bike share system, may be found atwww.theHubway.com, and information on the MBTA may be found atwww.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.The area surrounding Fenway Park is a densely populated residential neighborhood and the limited supply of on-street parking is needed by and reserved for residents.Fenway Park is centrally located and is easy to get to by public transit, bicycle and on foot, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. If you must drive in to enjoy todays game, we ask that you voluntarily comply with the on-street Resident Parking regulations and park your vehicle in a garage or parking lot.
One of our new topics is about planning a move to or from Boston.Yea, so we know its been a couple of months since we had an update topilot.boston.gov. Weve been busy user testing and building the site, and now we have new stuff to show you.We just launched two new topic pages that were excited to show you:Getting around BostonandMoving. Remember topic pages? Theyre a new way of organizing content that reaches across City Halls departments to help quickly get stuff done and learn more about our City. Whether you want to take the MBTA, or figure out how to maneuver around the City on a bike, Getting around Boston has options for you. Planning a move is never fun for anyone, but our new Moving topic page gives you some tips and resources to turn to when you need help.We know that these topic pages arent finished products. We might need to add more information, but thats OK. Please, let us know how we can get better.We want your feedback.With this latest update, were also giving you a preview of how department pages will work on the new site. Right now you can see departments ascontacts on our new and old topic pages, but they will also be a part of our navigation in the future. The key word with the department pages is preview  these are not finished products.Departments will feature much more content, including news and announcements, blog posts, events, and content directly related to each department. Until then, we wanted to give you a taste of what the core of these pages is starting to look like, with contact information up front and out in the open.Oh, and one more thing, you see that magnifying glass at the top right of the screen? You can search now! Granted, theres not much on the pilot site to search, but we heard so many requests for it, so we wanted to make sure you know its available and will become more robust.Were still busy rewriting and rethinking the content from our old site, and how best to move it over into our new design, but we plan to give you updates and a glimpse at new features much sooner in the future. We want you to see what were working on, but more importantly, we want you to give us feedback. Your input helps drive our decisions, and will continue to as we roll out our new site.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department has announced that registration is now open for the 47thannual season of Bostons favorite summer basketball league, the Boston Neighborhood Basketball League (BNBL), kicking off on Tuesday, July 5.BNBL is the oldest municipal basketball league in the country serving young men and women in three divisions each for boys and girls: 13 and under: 15 and under, and 18 and under.Encompassing recreation, sports and community engagement, BNBL real value is helping make Boston a happier and safer in the summer months by providing a physical outlet for youngsters throughout the city. Over 1,800 players on 174 teams will participate in this years league at 23 sites throughout the city. BNBL is played at Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers and selected city parks. The 2016 BNBL season ends with the championship games played in mid-August.BNBL also offers a free Pee Wee Developmental program for boys and girls ages 6 to 11. Pee Wee BNBL is offered at various locations across the city in Charlestown, Franklin Park, Grove Hall, Mattapan, Roslindale and Roxbury. This program teaches young players the basics of basketball in a fun and non-competitive setting. Space is limited.For more information, please email Michael Mitchell at mike.mitchell@boston.gov or call (617) 961-3083. To register online for BNBL or BNBL Pee Wee go to https://leagues.bluesombrero.com/bprd.
"BOSTON -Friday, April 8, 2016- With high-turnout expected in Boston for the November 2016 election, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Boston will open nine early voting sites, one in each City Council District with weekend and evening hours, to ensure that all voters have equitable access to the polls this November.  The Early Voting Initiative will make participation more convenient for all, particularly those with work schedules, family obligations or other obstacles to going to the polls. To promote access across the city, the Mayor has committed $670,000 to meet and exceed the state requirement of one early voting site to be open during normal business hours.""A vibrant democracy is one where every resident has the opportunity to have their voice heard,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased that in Massachusetts, we have taken a significant step forward by passing election reforms that allow for early voting. Here in Boston, we are committed to giving all of our residents the opportunity to participate.""  In 2014, Massachusetts passed an election reform law allowing for early voting. This year,the Early Voting period will begin onMonday, October 24, 2016and end onFriday, November 4, 2016. Election Day isTuesday, November 8, 2016. The Mayor's Election Advisory Committee and the Boston Redevelopment Authority's Research Department are currently assisting the Election Department in developing a detailed plan that incorporates several early voting proposals for public input and feedback. A plan will be submitted to the Boston Election Commission for approval by summer 2016."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Commissioner William Evans today announced a new partnership to fight gun violence at the third New England Regional Gun Violence Meeting. Through a $25,000 grant from the Boston Foundation (TBF), the non-profit Arms With Ethics will work with Boston to lead a multi-city pilot program in the New England Region to develop customized law enforcement-led projects focused on preventing the illegal flow and illegal use of guns.Mayor Walsh was joined by Mayors, Police Chiefs and policy staff from across New England at today's summit to continue the discussion around specific ideas and actions that can be taken to address gun violence and gun safety.""We know that illegal guns come into Boston from surrounding jurisdictions, which is why we have taken an aggressive regional approach with all of our partners in New England,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank The Boston Foundation for supporting this initiative to strengthen our efforts to reduce gun violence, and their strong partnership in testing new ideas and innovations to address the most critical challenges facing communities.""""This is about common sense solutions. As law enforcement leaders in the region we have mutual interests and ways we can help each other, and that's what this about,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""This is not about solving gun violence in just one city, it's about coming together at this regionally and finding strategies that work across city and state lines.""Through this project, Arms With Ethics will work with mayors and police leaders in selected cities, in addition to Boston, to develop customized law enforcement-led projects focused on preventing the illegal flow and illegal use of guns. The goal of these pilot projects is to translate the regional information-sharing and collaboration generated by the New England Regional Gun Summit into immediate, concrete action. The pilot designs will be replicable, with the intention that once they are established and proven in the selected sites, the solutions will be expanded to other interested cities participating in the New England Gun Violence Summit. ""The Boston Foundation is pleased to support this innovative approach to reducing gun violence and appreciate the leadership of Mayor Walsh in bringing the proposal to our attention,"" said President and CEO Paul Grogan. ""As Greater Boston's community foundation, we work to ensure that our communities are vibrant and our residents are healthy and thriving. Gun violence threatens the progress we've made as a community, and we need to find solutions that are regional and collaborative in nature.""""The issues contributing to gun violence are bigger than any one community or any one city. The New England Gun Violence Summit provides a powerful platform to bring together local leadership and resources to offer law enforcement-focused solutions that can impact gun violence both regionally and nationally,"" said Casey Woods, Executive Director of Arms With Ethics. ""Arms With Ethics is proud to be part of this bold, common-sense effort, and we thank Mayor Walsh, Commissioner Evans, and The Boston Foundation for their support and leadership on this project.""About the New England Regional Gun Violence Summit:This summit served as a follow up to previous summits hosted by Mayor Walsh in November 2015 and April of 2014 in Boston. Since 2014, cities across New England have worked collaboratively to share strategies to reduce gun violence and reduce trafficking of illegal firearms. This regional partnership focuses on collaboration and open dialogue about the reality of gun violence in New England cities. To date, significant actions have been taken by cities across the region, a result of the direct connections made between cities and law enforcement agencies with field experts and community partners. Following Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans' outreach to responsible gun owners, several cities in the region have also reached out to engage responsible gun owners on firearm storage and safety, offering guidance on recent updates to State law regarding reporting requirements for lost and stolen firearms, and in some cities, even providing free firearm locks. After the City of Boston implemented the Replica Handgun Ban in 2015, several cities in New England have begun to explore implementing similar measures. This regional approach to gun violence reduction and illegal firearms trafficking reduction has its strength in municipalities creating and implementing strategies that have both immediate and long-term direct impacts on residents at the community level."
Mayor Martin J. Walshtoday announced he is dispatching 15 Public Works Department (PWD) trucks to repairpotholesacross the City. The combination of freezing temperatures, a thaw and precipitation make roads especially susceptible to defects.The Mayor is encouraging residents to reportpotholesthrough any of the City'sseveral different platforms, including:Mobile:Download the freeBOS:311app on iOS or Android (previously known as Citizens Connect)Online:Boston.gov/311Social Media:Tweet@BOS311Phone:Dial 3-1-1 (previously the Mayor's 24-hour hotline617-635-4500. For those with VoIP and for calls from outside Boston, callers should continue to dial617-635-4500.)
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the expansion of Boston Water and Sewer Commission (BWSC) Lead Replacement Incentive Program to encourage Boston'shomeowners to replace private lead water service at their property.""The health and safety of our residents is our top priority and in Boston we are making significant strides towards replacing the remaining lead pipes across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It is our hope that residents will take advantage of this program to replace lead water service at their property to helpus move the City of Boston towards a safer housing stock and a healthier city.""This program expands eligibility to properties of all types including commercial, with lead service lines two inches or smaller. The expansion doubles available financial assistance in the form of a credit of up to $2,000 to homeowners who utilize a BWSC contractor to replace lead pipes on their property. Another incentive includes an interest free loan for up to 48 months for eligible property owners. Under the previous incentive program, eligibility was restricted to one, two and three family residential properties and financial assistance was limited to a credit of up to $1,000 with an interest free loan of 24 months. The redesigned program highlights the Administration's commitment to protecting the health and safety of Boston's residents. Excessive amounts of lead in the body can cause health risks, especially to young children and pregnant women. Since 2005, the Program was responsible for replacing 1,391 private lead services.  For more information about the program, residents are encouraged to call the Lead Hotline at:617-989-7888or clickhere."
"BOSTON - Friday, April 1, 2016 - OnMonday, April 4, 2016, Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of Women's Advancement and the American Association of University Women (AAUW) will kick off a blitz of free salary negotiation workshops to train over 350 women in honor of Equal Pay Day onApril 12.The goal of the workshop blitz is to reach the target of 1,000 women trained since the launch of the workshops last fall. The workshops will take place in a variety of locations across Boston.""It's time to stop talking about the wage gap and time to start doing something about it,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud of the work we have done since we launched the workshops last fall, and to honor Equal Pay Day we will provide hundreds more women with the tools they need to close the wage gap.""In September of 2015, Mayor Walsh kicked off a 5 year partnership with AAUW to train 85,000 women. By June of 2016 the goal was to train 1,000 women. This workshop blitz in honor of Equal Pay Day will attain that goal early.Those interested in attending a workshop can sign up atwww.aauw.org/work-smart-boston.The following workshops will be open to press: Monday April 4, 201611:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.Suffolk UniversitySargent Hall Law School120 Tremont StreetBostonThursday April 7, 20165:30 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.East Boston Public Library365 Bremen StreetEast BostonTuesday April 12, 20165:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.Boston University Life Sciences and Engineering Building, Room 10324 Cummington MallBoston(please note, some of the curriculum is off the record)"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced that the City of Bostons two municipal golf courses - the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester and the George Wright Golf Course in Hyde Park  are now open for the 2016 season.Bostons golfers have the opportunity to play on two award-winning championship courses right in our city, said Mayor Walsh. We continue to improve our courses and have enhanced the historic clubhouse at the George Wright with structural improvements and a new patio with outdoor seating.Founded in 1938, the 18-hole Donald Ross-designed George Wright Golf Course is a hidden gem in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston. The course is open seven days a week through November. This par 70 championship course is a challenge to golfers of any level. PGA Professional Scott Allen is available at (617) 364-2300 to answer any questions.Construction at the George Wright Golf Course clubhouse will be nearing completion in early May. The project includes a new slate tile roof, windows, and custom crafted arched doors for the front and back of building. Golfers and their guests will be able to enjoy a new tile patio that will offer outside food service and be available for a variety of events. Improvements to the golf course include a rebuilt and expanded 16th tee box.In addition, a fairway bunker has been added to the right side of the 16th fairway and a clean-up of the wild brush left of the green has exposed a large natural rock formation. This year the George Wright will be hosting the New England PGA Stroke Play #3 event on July 12 and the one-day U.S. Amateur Qualifier on July 25.The second-oldest public golf course in America and part of the historic Emerald Necklace, the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester offers a pleasant golf experience only minutes from downtown Boston and is open year-round, weather permitting. Contact PGA Professional Kevin Frawley at (617) 265-4084 for more information or to book a tee time.Golfers will find a newly-remodeled golf pro shop at the William Devine. Improvements for 2016 include the reconstruction of the 11thgreen. Re-grassing and expansion of the green has made it nearly 25 percent larger and there has been a complete renovation of the greenside bunkers, approach, and rough surrounds, as well as drainage installation in the approach.Due to wet spring conditions, both courses have been walking-only and the PGA pros suggest calling the clubhouses first to check if the courses have dried out and golf carts are available.Golfers can access information on rates, season permits, and tournaments and register for special offers, monthly giveaways, online news, and specials at www.cityofbostongolf.com. Both courses are owned and operated by the City of Boston, open daily from dawn to dusk, and feature full pro shops, concessions, cart rentals, and lessons for all ages. For updates, the Citys golf courses can be followed on Twitter @FranklinParkGC and @GeorgeWrightGC.
More than 200 people were in attendance as we shared the goals and strategies of Boston's cultural plan.There are five key goals that represent the core areas of focus for Bostons cultural plan. In no particular order, the goals are:These goals are designed to create a framework for the final cultural plan. They will serve as an organizing set of actions the City and partners must undertake to achieve our collective vision. Over the next few weeks, well be working to fill out the strategies, tactics and first steps, creating a detailed roadmap that will ensure Boston has a vibrant and sustainable arts and culture sector. Well get there with leadership and participation from a diverse group of institutions, organizations and individuals across the City.When we began this process, we knew that arts and culture can and should play a role in Bostons future. Youve echoed that, sharing with us your thoughts on the needs and opportunities. Later this spring, we will have a draft of the cultural plan and we look forward to sharing that with you. The final plan is scheduled to be released on June 17, 2016.If you were unable to attend the Town Hall, you can access the presentationhere. You can also watch the video of the Town Hall onHowlRound TV.
"BOSTON - Monday, March 28, 2016 -- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the official groundbreaking of a community-led archaeological dig at the Malcolm X Ella Little-Collins House in Roxbury. City Archaeologist Joseph Bagley and the Fiske Center for Archaeological Research at UMass Boston will join the Malcolm X family and local community members to undertake the two-week survey ahead of future renovations to the property.""This is an exciting opportunity for residents to unearth an important piece of Boston's history,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Joe for leading this effort, and we look forward to the results.""Visitors are welcome to the dig, and updates from the field will be shared online through the City of Boston's Archaeology Program'sFacebook,Twitter, andInstagramaccounts.""This is truly a community archaeology dig,"" said Bagley. ""We have been working with the Collins family and the Roxbury community for months to plan and design this dig, and I'm excited Malcolm X's family and the community will be digging their own history.""The dig will begin today with a Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) survey that will look for below-ground anomalies that can be tested through archaeology. It will then be followed by excavations in areas determined to have greatest potential for artifacts and historical data throughApril 8th.""Bringing UMass Boston's cutting-edge geophysics to work with the City Archaeologist and the Roxbury community is exciting for us. Archaeology today is as much about the technology as it is about the digging,"" said Research Scientist, John Steinberg.Rodnell Collins, the current owner of the property and nephew of Malcolm X, hopes that by helping to facilitate the survey he can raise public awareness of his family's history. Rodnell hopes to continue that mission by converting the home into residential units for graduate students who volunteer in the community.The 1874 Malcolm X- Ella Little-Collins House was designated a Boston Landmark in 1998. In 1941 Kenneth Collins and Ella Little Collins purchased the house and was soon joined by her brother Malcolm Little (later known as Malcolm X). Malcolm listed the residence as his official address until the late 1950s. The house is significant as the only surviving dwelling from Malcolm X's Roxbury tenure and a rare surviving structure from his youth. Boston's Archaeology Program is responsible for mitigating archaeological impacts to Landmarks-designated properties."
When theCorcoran Center for Real Estate and Urban Actiondevelops programs for Boston College undergraduates, we seek opportunities that expose students to real world issues, that make students think about how other people feel, and that encourage students to participate and reflect on their own actions.With its sustained community engagement initiatives, Imagine Boston 2030 has a similar approach, but on a larger scale for residents of Boston. So when we had the opportunity to hostImagine Boston 2030: Making Choices for a Better Cityat Boston College, it made perfect sense.This week, in a two-hour event that mixes high school and college students, university faculty and staff, and residents of Boston, we will hear from the Mayor, we will have our thinking challenged by national experts, and we will engage with City staff on the process and research underway with this very public initiative.While public discourse seems like a natural part of planning with residents, it hasnt always been that way. Unfortunately, even in the recent past, engagement with residents is sometimes seen as the enemy of efficiency in planning. But thankfully, there has been a shift in how governments are engaging with residents, and planning for most city initiatives is guided and strengthened through active public discourse. Imagine Boston is a great example of how planning and engaging with residentsthe users of the city can yield more than planned buildings and prioritized projects.Boston Colleges Burns Library is host to the personal correspondence of Jane Jacobs, an influential activist and journalist best known for her influence on urban studies. I recently looked at the collection and was taken with a letter from Jane Jacobs to Chadbourne Gilpatric, an official with the Rockefeller Foundation. In this letter, Jacobs reveals some of the formational ideas for her influential book,Death and Life of Great American Cities. She writes:At present, there seem to be two dominant and very compelling mental images of the city. One is the image of the city in trouble, an inhuman mass of masonry, a chaos of happenstance growth, a place starved of the simple decencies and amenities of life, beset with so many accumulated problems it makes your head swim. The other powerful image is that of the rebuilt city, the antithesis of all that the unplanned city represents, a carefully planned panorama of projects and green spaces, a place where functions are sorted out instead of jumbled together, a place of light, air, sunshine, dignity and order for all.Both of these conceptions are disastrously superficial. Both of them neglectthey simply overlookthe most fundamental part of any useful image of the citythe way people use the city.Thankfully the superficiality recognized by Jacobs is long gone and we know that successful and innovative municipal governments are guided by input from users.As our city and our region grow, we have to think broadly about economic development, access to opportunity, and health and educational outcomes for everyone. We need to think about planning for the city and the region as opposed to on our blocks and in our neighborhoods. But most importantly, as Jane Jacobs highlighted 60 years ago, this work has to be done in close collaboration with the users, and issues need to be prioritized through the lens of residents.This is what is exciting about Imagine Boston 2030. Since Fall 2015, thousands of people have provided input, demonstrated interest, and expressed opinions about not only priorities for individual projects, but rather, a larger vision for the city. Imagine Boston 2030 has created a platform for Bostonians and other users of the city to voice their ambition and vision for a future which will bring out the best in our city and our region.Neil McCullaghis Director of the Carroll School of Managements Joseph E. Corcoran Center for Real Estate and Urban Action and a Lecturer at Boston College.
Since we began engaging with the community last fall, weve been busy meeting with and hearing from Bostonians in every neighborhood about the issues important to them as they envision the future of Boston. Recently, we releasedGuiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City, which delved into the implications of the feedback weve received, including the challenges and opportunities of growth and key insights about the issues that matter most to residents. The report also emphasized the importance of continuing to hear from Bostonians about their vision for the future of the City so that as we guide Bostons growth, we can ensure that all Bostonians benefit.Here is a sampling of some of the recent press articles we are featured in:Our coverage in the press is one of many important ways we let Bostonians know were listening  and we still want to hear your feedback! As the planning process continues, Imagine Boston 2030 will continue to rely on input from Bostonians from every corner of the city. Want to add to the feedback weve received so far? You canweigh inthrough coUrbanize on where you think Boston should grow. There are also a number ofwaysto give us your feedback about how youd like to see Boston change leading up to 2030. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston and sign up for Imagine Boston updateshere.
"In cooperation with Charlestown residents and elected officials, the City of Boston today announced that a pilot Street Cleaning Program that has been underway in that neighborhood since July of 2015 will be implemented permanently effective immediately. Vehicles parked in violation of the posted Street Cleaning regulations on streets in Charlestown will no longer be towed but will be subject to an increased parking ticket fine of $90. The Street Cleaning parking ticket fine remains $40 in other Boston neighborhoods where vehicles may be towed and additional fees may be incurred for this infraction. This amendment to the Citys Code of Ordinances was approved by the Boston City Council on Wednesday, March 23, 2016, allowing for a permanent change to the Citys Street Cleaning Program. The legislation also ensures that all Boston residents are provided the option of implementing the increased fine but no tow alternative for their respective neighborhoods as well.Bostons Street Cleaning Program is a joint effort of the Public Works Department that manages the undertaking and is responsible for cleaning the streets, the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services that assists PWD with implementation and notification, and the Boston Transportation Department that encourages compliance with the regulation through the issuance of parking tickets.Id like to thank Charlestown residents for their willingness to pilot this modified street cleaning program in their neighborhood, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Thanks to their cooperation, the pilot has been successfully completed and we are pleased to be moving forward with these enforcement updates designed to help keep Charlestowns streets clean.Bostons Public Works Commissioner Michael Dennehy added, Clean streets are a top priority for City residents and the Public Works Department. To meet this objective, it is crucial that vehicles are parked in accordance with street cleaning regulations to allow our equipment to move along each street, sweeping as wide an area of pavement as possible. The pilot program proved successful in assisting with this effort.The Charlestown pilot program was designed to determine if a change in parking enforcement strategy would lead to increased compliance with the street cleaning regulations by motor vehicle owners.Charlestown District City Councilor Salvatore LaMattina said, I have been very pleased with the results of the pilot Street Sweeping Program in Charlestown and my office has not received any complaints from residents. The community has responded well to the program and residents have saved money now that they no longer have to travel to other communities to claim their cars from tow lots. I am happy that this program has been made permanent.""This pilot program in Charlestown has helped to ease concerns about having one's car towed while effectively keeping our neighborhood streets thoroughly clean,"" commented Senator Sal DiDomenico. ""I am pleased to hear that this successful pilot program is now permanent, and I would like to thank Mayor Walsh and the Boston City Council for their continuous work to make our city the very best it can be.""We all want clean streets, but weve all also woken up at least once and said Shoot, I forgot that today was street sweeping day,  said State Representative Daniel J. Ryan. Walking outside and finding that your car is missing can really ruin your day. Last years pilot program seemed to go well and, as long as we can keep the streets clean, I support the continuation of this program.""Residents of other Boston neighborhoods who would like their neighborhood Street Cleaning Program to explore the parking enforcement strategy now in effect in Charlestown should contact their Boston City Councilor or their neighborhood liaison in the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services. Liaison names and contact information for each City of Boston neighborhood is available atwww.cityofboston.gov/ons/Boston residents are encouraged to call 311 or use the Citizens Connect smartphone app to report any streets that remain dirty after street cleaning. Residents can also log ontowww.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/sweeping/to learn more about the City of Bostons street cleaning schedule and to sign up for No Tow alerts that will inform you when the street cleaning regulations are in effect on your neighborhood streets."
Update:Thanks for your interest! This position has been filled.Here at the Digital Team, were constantly searching for ways to use modern technology to help residents. We build a number of features and products that  we hope make the lives of residents wanting to get stuff done just a little easier.However, sometimes we dont have the right structure to support all the work we do. A new tool or service is created and its useful and looks great, but after a couple of years, technology progresses and what was once innovative becomes stale. We fail when we cant keep up, and residents are left out in the cold.So far, weve broke new ground at the City in procurement, writing anRFP that didnt suckto attract top design firms for the redesign of Boston.gov.Now, as work on Boston.gov continues, its crucial that the site grows and adapts to the changing needs of residents. To make sure that happens, were breaking ground again, with a plan tohire a product managerfor the first time at Boston City Hall.Weve partnered with IDEO and Acquia on the initial redesign work (you can see the pilot site for a preview), but need a product lead to help define the ambitious, long-term Boston.gov roadmap. As we continue to make improvements through the re-launch and beyond, well need someone to help guide our decisions based on the feedback of users and the needs of departments.Are you interested or know someone else who might be?Youll be part of a small group of design, engineering, and content specialists at the Digital Team working to keep the City focused on end users and their needs.
Dear Bostonians,Greetings from Jake, Anya, Jason, AJ, Brittany, Stephen, Raquel, James, Tim, and Nhi (the Imagine Boston 2030 Street Team). Its our job to beout in the neighborhoodsevery day talking to Bostonians, getting people to engage in Imagine Bostons citywide planning process. Weve been walking Bostons neighborhoods for three weeks and so far, weve had almost5,000 conversations with Boston residents about the future of their city. Its been a fascinating experience.Here are the issues that we are hearing about most:The issue most on residents minds is housing affordability at different income levels. This is no shock to those of us who rent and own homes in the city. Bostonians at every income level are feeling the squeeze of living in a growing city  the citys housing supply hasnt kept up with our growing population, causing prices to rise.Frank from Dorchester said, My kids grew up in Dorchester but theyre moving to Quincy because they cant afford to buy in our neighborhood. The city should create more housing for working people. And we dont just need affordable housing, it needs to be T accessible.As Bostonians, we can do something about this challenge. As part of our citywide plan, Imagine Boston will identify areas where new housing can be created to reach the Citys goal of producing at least 53,000 additional units of housing, which includes nearly 27,000 units of workforce housing. Bostons growth provides us with the opportunity to make investments that will address challenges, including housing affordability, so that we can improve quality of life for all Bostonians.Transportation is the second most pressing issue that weve been hearing about, with Bostonians suggesting a number of alternative transportation options in their vision for the city. Theresa and Laura from East Boston both suggested a ferry to downtown Boston, several North End residents highlighted the need to repair sidewalks and improve accessibility, and Quenton from Roxbury said More buses!Imagine Boston 2030 gives us an opportunity to plan the physical space of our city in a way that makes all forms of transit safer, an initiative also supported byGo Boston 2030. Based on public input, we are developing strategies to improve bike, pedestrian, bus and train mobility, in order to better connect Boston neighborhoods and encourage Bostonians to take more trips on public transit. Additionally, the mayor has also embraced Vision Zero, a mission to bring annual fatalities due to car, pedestrian, and bike collisions down to zero. Through these different initiatives, we can ensure that Bostons streets stay safe and well-connected.Our goal, as a street team, is to meet Bostonians where they already are- on the T, in their coffee shop or at their local library, and hear from them about the issues that impact them on a daily basis. In every neighborhood, when you talk to residents you realize that regardless of how busy they are, theyre still well informed about the citys issues and they want to help bring about change. Bostons growth offers us an opportunity to harness and guide our growth to make the city more inclusive and equitable.As we continue this street team campaign over the month of March, we will talk to as many Bostonians as we possibly can. Well grab them on their lunch break, or waiting for a train, or at their kids basketball game. Because if we want Boston to be a healthy, thriving, innovative city in 2030, we need input from all of Bostons workers and families. And for this planning process to be effective, its essential that our input reflect the diversity of all of Bostons residents.Jake Hasson, Street Team Coordinator
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $28 million in funding awards to support the creation of affordable housing throughout Boston. The funding, which will preserve or produce 837 housing units, comes from $21 million of federal and local resources awarded through the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) and $7 million of Linkage funds, awarded through Boston's Neighborhood Housing Trust. ""We are committed to creating a Boston where everyone who wants to live here, can afford to,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank our local, state and federal partners for these housing investments that create good jobs and fuel our economy.""The new funding will leverage more than $323 million dollars of public and private investment in the neighborhoods, and will help to create an estimated 500 construction jobs. These developments will also create 125 units for homeless or extremely low-income families. In the interest of using resources for projects that meet the goals of the Mayor's housing plan, the Requests for Proposals for these funds outlined specific criteria by which projects were evaluated. These criteria included:With the awarding of these funds, the Walsh Administration has now made more than $66 million in affordable housing available since Mayor Walsh took office.Following is a complete list of the developments that have received funding awards:Chinatown:Boylston Street RehabilitationSt. Francis House and the Planning Office for Urban Affairs are proposing to redevelop 48 Boylston Street in downtown Boston into affordable housing that that will create 46 units, of which 26 units will be set-aside for homeless and extremely low income individuals.Quincy TowersBeacon Communities is proposing an acquisition rehabilitation project that will preserve in perpetuity 100 percent of the affordability for this 161-unit elderly housing development in Chinatown. The RAP contract is scheduled to expire in June of 2017 and the Section 236 mortgage will mature in March of 2019.Dorchester:Wayne at SchuylerCruz Development is proposing the refinance and renovation of the 74-unit expiring-use project located at seven different properties in Dorchester, Roxbury and Mattapan.1392 Dorchester St. & 17-21 FaulknerViet AID is proposing to provide critical repairs and faade improvements in order to preserve these 18 units of affordable housing.Jamaica Plain:General Heath Square ApartmentsBack of the Hill NDC and Jamaica Plain NDC have partnered to create a 47 unit transit-oriented development on underutilized land that is currently owned by the City of Boston. The developer was tentatively designated by the City after receiving the support of the community.Parcel UThe Community Builders are proposing to create 76 units of housing in this transit-oriented development. The development will include 38 affordable units with four units set aside for homeless households.Mattapan:Cote VillageCaribbean Integration Community Development, AFL-CIO and Planning Office for Urban Affairs have partnered to create a 76 unit mixed-use development, located on City-owned land that has been vacant for several years. The development will include one large building and four townhouse-style dwellings.Olmsted Green Mixed Income RentalLena New Boston is proposing to create a 100-unit, mixed-income rental development in 24 townhouse buildings on the former Mattapan State Hospital site. The developer is working with the Department of Mental Health to set aside units to provide housing for their clients.Roxbury:Washington Westminster HouseElizabeth Stone House will create a 29-unit development serving at-risk and formerly homeless families with children.Madison Melnea Cass ApartmentsMadison Park Development Corporation, the Boston Housing Authority, and Preservation for Affordable Housing have joined together to create this 76 unit development. This development is also part of the innovative redevelopment of the Whittier Street public housing development.Whittier Street Apartments, Phase IPreservation for Affordable Housing, the Boston Housing Authority, and Madison Park Development Corporation will together create an 88-unit mixed-use development. This development is the first phase of an innovative redevelopment of the Whittier Street public housing development.South Boston:O'Connor WaySouth Boston NDC and Caritas Communities have partnered to create a 46-unit elderly housing development in South Boston on land owned by the Boston Housing Authority. The developer has been tentatively designated by the BHA after receiving community support for the development."
"BOSTON -Monday, March 21, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang today announced the appointment of Gabrielle Farrell as Deputy Chief of Staff of Communications for Boston Public Schools.In this position, Farrell will be responsible for developing and managing short and long term communications strategies, with a focus on the administration's education policy agenda for the City of Boston.""As a Boston native and an alumna of Boston Public Schools, there is no better person to take on this role as Deputy Chief of Staff,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Gabrielle is living proof of the potential and talent we have in the City of Boston. Her insight will be invaluable to our school district. She has been a leader in my office and I have enjoyed the opportunity to work with her these past two years. I look forward to her continued contributions to the Boston community as we work to build a stronger city for many generations of students to come.""In her role as Deputy Chief of Staff of Communications, Farrell will drive many of Boston Public Schools' key initiatives as they pertain to a proactive internal and external communications strategy.During her time in Boston Public Schools, Farrell attended the James P. Timilty Middle School in Roxbury and the Edward M. Kennedy Academy for Health Careers, formerly known as Health Careers Academy in the Fenway community.""I am excited to welcome Gabrielle to the team to help carry our agenda forward,"" said Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""As a former Boston Public Schools student, Gabrielle understands the critical issues facing Boston classrooms and will help to further our efforts.""Farrell is currently Associate Press Secretary to Mayor Walsh. She joined the Walsh Administration in March 2014 as the Mayor's Press Assistant. Previously, Farrell served at Project Bread, which stewards The Walk for Hunger, handling communications and external affairs.""Working directly with Mayor Walsh these past two years has been nothing short of incredible,"" said Farrell. ""I extend my gratitude to the Mayor for his work and dedication to the students of Boston and grantingme this honor and opportunity to give back and serve my community.""In 2008, Farrell was awarded the prestigiousPosse Foundation Scholarship, a national full-scholarship, merit-based program, which received support from President Barack Obama, who donated a portion of his Nobel Peace Prize award to the foundation in 2010. She is also a graduateHarvard University's Crimson Summer Academy, which taps local high-achieving, economically disadvantaged students, from Boston, Cambridge and Somerville, to study at Harvard for six weeks each summer.A native of Mattapan, Farrell has a longstanding passion for Boston's public education system and Boston youth.Farrell graduated from Bryn Mawr College in 2012 and earned a bachelor's degree in both French and Political Science and is currently working to attain her master's of science degree in Communications from Northeastern University. Farrell currently resides in Dorchester and is expected to begin onMarch 28, 2016."
"BOSTON -Monday, March 21, 2016-On Saturday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh welcomed the newly selected Mayor's ONEin3 Council at the Roxbury Innovation Center in Dudley Square. The diverse, 35-member group will spend the next 12 months working to open up new lines of communication between young adults and leaders in City government.""In Boston, we have the highest proportion of young adults of any major U.S city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The ONEin3 council selection serves as a reminder that this demographic comprises some of the city's most civic minded citizens. This team of innovators, entrepreneurs, and leaders in both the private and public sectors will come together to lead their peers in becoming civically engaged residents and neighbors."" ONEin3, which is maintained by the City of Boston and supported by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, aims to empower and support the city's 20-34 year old population through civic engagement. The ONEin3 Council is the leadership body tasked with innovating opportunities for Boston's young adults to play an active role in setting priorities, addressing issues, and planning for the future of the city. Under the direction of ONEin3 Manager Erin Santhouse, they will oversee programming that increases access to information and resources, expands social and professional networks, and encourages young adults become invested in their communities. The 2016 ONEin3 Council is comprised of 35 Boston residents who live in 19 different neighborhoods across Boston.This group features social workers, small business owners, undergraduate students, photojournalists, union organizers, aspiring faith leaders and representatives from many other industries across the public and private sectors. Approximately half of the group is native Bostonians, while others grew up as far outside of Boston as Georgia, Texas, and Jamaica. The Council is set to meet monthly. For the first time ever, this year's Council will open several of its meetings to all members of the young adult population. All applicants and anyone interested in getting involved are encouraged to join one of two committees that have been newly formed to help the Council plan and execute events, write blog posts, register young people to vote, assist with photography, graphic design, or any number of special projects. The first open meetings will be held later this spring. Anyone interested in joining may sign-upto be notified of the date, time and location of the meetings.Members of the 2016 ONEin3 Council:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh was on hand today to congratulate 21 Boston youth from across the City competing in Bostons ninth annual BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee at the BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center in Mattapan. Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, and sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation with travel support from JetBlue, the winner now goes on to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C. in May.My congratulations to all the spellers and a special thank you to the parents and teachers for supporting these youth on their educational journey, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud of you all and look forward to another exciting Bee.Over 3200 young people participated in school Bees to qualify for the BCYF Citywide Bee today. The preparation for the school Bees helps young people improve their spelling, broaden their vocabulary and build self-confidence.Thank you Boston Bruins Foundation and JetBlue for supporting the BCYF Bee each year and giving us a chance to show off Bostons talented youth, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. I want to congratulate all of the participants for the hard work they put in to qualify for todays Bee.Commissioner Morales opened the speaking program and Mayor Walsh welcomed the spellers and their families and presented each speller with a participation medal. The judges this year were Liz Kurkjian-Henry, recently retired from the Boston Public Schools, Scot Colford from the Boston Public Library and Felix Arroyo, Mayor Walshs Chief of Health & Human Services. It was an exciting, suspenseful event with cheers (and some tears) from the audience and participants.The winner was Emily Sun, age 13, from West Roxbury who won by spelling ""diurnal correctly. The second place finisher was Khugan Chan, age 11, from Allston and coming in third was Markos Mamalakis, age 12, from West Roxbury. The Bee went a record 21 rounds plus 15 final rounds before the Championship Round.The Scripps National Spelling Bee is the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee. School children from all over the country converge on Washington D.C. every May to compete in the national bee. The one and only winner from Massachusetts was in 1939. In addition to an all-expenses paid trip to the National Bee, the BCYF Spelling Bee winner received a dictionary, a $100 savings bond, and subscription to Encyclopedia Britannica. Second place and third place finishers received a Kindle and a Barnes and Noble gift card. "
"BOSTON -Friday, March 18, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will once again honor Boston's resilience, generosity and strength onApril 15, now known as ""One Boston Day."" The day serves as an opportunity to recognize the good in our community and reflect on the spirit and resilience of the people of Boston that was exemplified in the response to the loss and the tragedies of April 15, 2013.The City of Boston has also launched a website,where individuals and organizations can share their plans for One Boston Day and are encouraged to use the hashtag #OneBostonDay.""April 15is a date that has come to stand for our city's deepest values, and last year we were amazed by the spirit of the day, in the City, and around the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I hope everyone can mark this day in a way that is appropriate and inclusive for each of our experiences.""The Mayor made the announcement at the unveiling of the 2016 Boston Marathon street banners at Marathon Sports on Boylston Street. ""One Boston Day"" encourages random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community. The new tradition came together in 2015 based on the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon.LastApril 15, #OneBostonDay was a leading trend nationally on social media, and there wereover 40,000 posts across social channels.As in the past, Hill Holliday is serving as the creative and digital marketing partner to help spread awareness and raise the visibility of One Boston Day. "
"After hearing important feedback from the Boston community over the past two years about the direction of Boston's planning agency, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today an effort to overhaul the organizational identity of the Boston Redevelopment Authority. With the overall goal ofbetter serving the people of Boston andinspiring greater trust and confidence in the city's planning agency, this initiative will establish an identity,mission, andvaluesfor the organizationthatare reflective ofthe Walsh Administration's commitment to smart and sound urban planning and positive economic development, and that are reflective of the critical reforms already underway. The Boston Redevelopment Authority will issue a Request for Proposalson Mondayfor a strategic advisor, pendingapproval at the Board of Director's meetingon Thursday, toassist in thedevelopment of an organizational identity and brandstrategy thatbuilds on the ongoing reforms. ""While we have implemented significant change at the Boston Redevelopment Authority over the past two years, this is another opportunity to improve city government and take a hard look at an agency that has a difficult legacy to overcome,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are committed to transparency and accountability as we move forward,and creating a new identity for the Boston Redevelopment Authority will be an important symbol of change that underscores this progress.""Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the Boston Redevelopment Authority underwent two independent operational reviews that identified challenges facing the agency and opportunities for improvement. Since then, new policies have been enacted to provide better accountability for land takings and transfers. The agency has upgraded its technology to better enforce compliance with respect to lease agreements for its properties. Additionally, a director of real estate was hired in January to optimize the BRA's portfolio and ensure that key holdings are redeveloped.In response to calls for more proactive and comprehensive planning, the BRA's Planning Division, now under new leadership, has initiated several in-depth neighborhood planning studies. This work is currently underway in Jamaica Plain, South Boston, and Dudley Square, and BRA planners are striving toengage andcollaborate with residents in new ways to ensure theseinitiatives are responsive to needs and reflective of shared community visions.  ""We have taken a holistic approach to fixing troublesome issues by strengthening our policies, making more information available to the public, staffing up in areas that were under resourced, and taking a fresh approach to the way we work with communities,"" said Brian Golden, Director of the BRA. ""With substantive reforms fully underway, we now have an opportunity to address our brand, which in many ways hasn't been altered since our inception."" The project will be informed largely by feedback that has been received from community members and outside organizations about how to enhance the Boston Redevelopment Authority's operations and strengthen public trust around its core mission of planning and economic development. Once a firm is hired for the job, additional community outreach will be conducted to help craft the agency's new identity. The scope of work for the RFP is being finalized this week, but officials expect it to address a range of issues including what defines the Boston Redevelopment Authority's organizational identity, how those values are communicated through its branding, and how to create opportunities for public feedback during the process. The strategicadvisorwill also be expected to provide assistance in the development of implementation strategies for any recommendations. The project's cost will be establishedduring the selection process. Once issued, the RFP will be on the Boston Redevelopment Authoritywebsite."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has launched anonline surveyas part of Boston Creates to examine the city's inventory of performing arts venues, measure the rehearsal and performance space needs of arts organizations and gauge the alignment of venues and organizations' needs. The survey will remain open until the evening ofMonday, March 28, 2016, immediately following the Boston Creates Town Hall at Bunker Hill Community College at6:00 p.m.""As the performing arts landscape in Boston continues to evolve, it is important to have a clear understanding of the assets that exist within the city so we can quantify the needs that exist within the performing arts ecosystem,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We encourage members of the community to share their input regarding the performance and rehearsal space in Boston so together we can start working toward solutions surrounding the complexities of space for Boston's performing artists.""The survey, formally called the Performing Arts Facilities Assessment, will garner feedback from the community that will contribute to the creation of a comprehensive report on the challenges and opportunities facing the Boston performing arts ecosystem.This survey is an essential component of the Cultural Facilities Study, allowing the City to hear directly from members of the performing arts community. It is designed for the members of the performing arts community, both those who provide rehearsal and performance space and those who use rehearsal and performance space.In April 2015, Mayor Walsh launchedBoston's cultural planning process to createa blueprint for arts and culture in the City ofBoston. These efforts focus on engaging residents, visitors, and stakeholders to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to think strategically about how these resources can help the community to achieve its civic goals. As a part of this effort, the Performing Arts Facilities Assessment will aim to learn what is most important to the residents of Boston and arts organizations therefore, the survey is detailed and many of the questions are open-ended. The estimated time to complete the survey is from 10 to 40 minutes, depending on how many venues are referenced.Mayor Walsh announced last November the City would pursue a cultural facilities study. TDC, a Boston-based nonprofit consulting and research firm, is executing the study.About Boston CreatesBoston Creates is the City's cultural planning process. When completed, the plan will identify priorities and strategies for how to strengthen the city by leveraging and growing the creative capital of its residents, communities and organizations."
Boston Public Librarys Author Talk Series features renowned Irish author Colm Tibn onThursday, March 17, at 12 p.m.in the Abbey Room at the Central Library in Copley Square in collaboration with the Consulate General of Ireland.St. Patricks Day in the City of Boston holds a special place in my life, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. It is a festive celebration of Irish culture, and we are fortunate to have such a talented writer coming to visit the Boston Public Library on this occasion. We welcomeColm Tibnand I encourage the people of Boston to take a moment to stop by and hear about his work.We welcome Colm Tibn to the Boston Public Library for this special St. Patricks Day author talk and are grateful to the Consulate General of Ireland for their work to bring this to fruition, said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard. The talk promises to be a wonderful opportunity for the audience to learn more about his works and career as a bestselling author, during this year of great significance to members of the Irish community at home and abroad.Consul General of Ireland, Fionnuala Quinlan said: We are delighted that Colm Tibn agreed to give a reading in Boston to mark St. Patricks Day. He will read fromBrooklyn, a moving story of emigration, love, and loss, which will have particular resonance for a Boston audience.Colm is one of our most celebrated authors and I am delighted that the many admirers of his work in Boston will have this opportunity to hear him read in the beautiful surrounds of the Abbey Room. Id like to thank Boston Public Library for this special collaboration. Colm Tibn is the author of eight novels, includingThe Master,Nora Webster, and two collections of stories. His work has been translated into more than thirty languages. His novelBrooklynwas recently made into a film starring Academy Award nominee Saoirse Ronan. His playThe Testament of Marywas nominated for a Tony Award for Best Play in 2013. He is the Irene and Sidney B. Silverman Professor of Humanities at Columbia University.Boston Public Librarys author series continues, showcasing a wide range of talented writers. Visit ourcalendar of eventsordownload a copyof the Authors & Lectures brochure for additional talks.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Library Lovers Month concluded at the end of February, marking a month full of love for the Boston Public Library. Patrons of all ages filled out nearly 1,700 paper hearts with the reasons they love their library and the hearts were then placed on display at BPL locations throughout the city. A few of the hearts read, It lets me keep learning far after school ends, I love the people here. They make me feel right at home, and Books! Books! Books!Members of the Boston community love our local libraries for many reasons, said Mayor Walsh. Whether it is accessing their favorite books or using computers, the opportunities they provide are endless. The more people use them, the better position they will be in to achieve their aspirations. I thank all of the residents and visitors who took the time out to share their most favorite memories and thoughts about one of our most cherished institutions.We are incredibly thankful to all library users who participated in Library Lovers Month and shared what they love about their library  the BPL is much loved! said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard. We gained insightful comments and will use them to make decisions about ways we can make the Boston Public Library experience even better.The Central Librarys hearts were moved to the walls of the Johnson buildings staff floor to serve as inspiration throughout the year. Library users may view a sampling of the public art and vote for their favorite display by visiting the BPLsFacebook page.Reasons to love the library (all are free)!About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"A look at a sentence from a description for a City Council committee, before and after a rewrite.If a resident doesnt understand what were telling them, it doesnt matter how great the user experience is.The average American reads at aseventh- or eighth-grade reading level. Thats what were shooting for across the website, but were not trying to oversimplify the content. We want to make sure that everyone can understand even the most complex s topics on Boston.gov. Its a difficult balance. And were not the first ones to take it on.18F has its own plain language guidefor federal websites in the US, andGOV.UKhas been at the forefront of creating government content that is accessible to a wide audience. Were hoping that by using plain language, we can create a more conversational and welcoming tone on Boston.gov.Below is the list of the Dos and Donts weve been sharing with departments. Let us know if you think we missed anything in the comments.Write for your constituent first, always. What you're writing should be like a conversation with a friend.Be short and to the point. Brevity can increase readability and will make the site more mobile friendly.Use the active voice. Instead of writing, The bill should be paid by the property owner, wed write, The property owner pays the bill. Its much more simple and direct.Break up content into blocks or chunks. Ideally, you should separate these blocks of text with headlines and bulleted lists of information.Personalize the experience for our constituents. Dont be afraid to say ""we"" instead of The City. Instead of ""residents"" or applicants, consider saying ""you.""Can we use a photo with the content?Photos add depth to what you are talking about, and provide greater context for users struggling with reading comprehension.Big, flowery words, jargon, and government legalese. We should be writing to the person with the least amount of knowledge on the topic.Run-on sentences and multiple commas in a sentence. Use periods where you can to help a reader digest the content.Words like may, shall, should, or anything that might confuse a user. Use strong words like must when a resident needs to do something.Acronyms. A human-centered website doesnt require a government reference guide."
"For Boston to continue to thrive and offer opportunities to all its residents, we need to make sure that our small businesses, which are a critical engine of Boston's economy, are supported in the way that best meets their needs, said Mayor Walsh. ""This plan gives us the roadmap to do just that. We have laid out three goals to help us accomplish this task: ensure a thriving small business economy in the city, enhance the vibrancy of our neighborhoods, and continue to pursue economic and social inclusion and equity.""The development of the plan was aided by the Mayor's Small Business Advisory Council, which was comprised of 34 small business community members representing diverse sectors including industrial, women and minority owned businesses, and startups.One of the critical outputs of the plan is the ""State of Small Business in Boston,"" a database detailing the full universe of small businesses, business assistance organizations, and capital providers in Boston. The State of Small Business in Boston found that:The plan identifies the priority needs of Boston's small businesses, which were identified through extensive outreach to the city's small businesses through interviews, round tables, surveys, and additional research. The plan goes on to identify current gaps in Boston's small business assistance ecosystem, and outlines strategies to meet the needs of small businesses across the city, some of which include:""As I've grown my cleaning companies from two to more than 40 employees, the City of Boston has been a key supporter,"" said Victoria Amador, owner of Tremendous Maid and Boston's Best Commercial Cleaning, and a member of the Small Business Plan Advisory Council. ""I've built my businesses on excellent customer service, by paying close attention to the needs of my employees, and growing through new contracting opportunities with institutions in the city. I am pleased to see that the City is increasing its commitment to customer service and to helping business owners like me grow their businesses."" ""The City of Boston has been a tremendous partner in helping my wife Rokeya and me start and grow our restaurants in Savin Hill, Roslindale Village and, most recently, in Dudley Square,"" said Solmon Chowdhury, Small Business Plan Advisory Council member and co-owner of Shanti Taste of India and Dudley Cafe. ""After investing so much as small business owners in Boston, we're thrilled to see the City of Boston investing so much in small businesses with the launch of the Small Business Plan.""The Small Business Plan calls for a strategic realignment of the City's small business resources, beginning with the creation of a new Small Business Center. In addition, the plan calls for an increased, strategic focus on minority, women, and immigrant entrepreneurs and key growth business segments, including established businesses with more than ten employees local services firms, such as catering, that serve both businesses and consumers and smaller restaurants and retailers. Next Street, a consulting firm in Dudley Square, and Mass Economics, located in Cambridge, provided the plan's lead research, writing and development.The first step towards streamlining the City's offerings to small businesses will be to consolidate its business outreach operations. To that end, the plan also calls for the creation of a new Office of Small Business Development, to be housed in the Mayor's Office of Economic Development.  "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has received $180,000 in funding for theDACA/DAPA Outreach Initiativethrough the Emma Lazarus Local Challenge, which will provide community outreach and education on Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA).The funds come from an $80,000 match grant from the Emma Lazarus II Fund of the Open Society Foundations, with matching funds of $25,000 each from four local foundations: the Boston Foundation, the Fish Family Foundation, theHerman and Frieda L. Miller Foundation, and the Hyams Foundation.""I am excited that these grants will make the BostonDACA/DAPA Outreach Initiative possible,""said Mayor Walsh. ""I have supported President Obama's sensible executive actions on immigration, and I am very pleased to have the opportunity to expand upon our efforts to ensure that Boston families have the information and assistance that they needto continue to contribute to our great City.""""This funding provides much needed support for a priority in many of our immigrant communities,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians. ""Many of our community organization partners have already been doing some work on this issue. Now, we have an opportunity to build a structure to coordinate and to increaseDACAand DAPA outreach, education, and screening services.""""Nobody understands the benefits immigrants bring-economically, culturally and socially-better than the cities where they live,"" said Ken Zimmerman, director of U.S. Programs at the Open Society Foundations. ""We are pleased to partner with the city of Boston, which is taking a leadership role in informing its longstanding immigrant communities about protections available to them under the law-efforts which will help them further contribute to the life of the city. We also applaud the local foundations for their involvement, and look forward to working with them to help strengthen the infrastructure of support for immigrant communities in Boston over the long run.""""The Hyams Foundation has had a long-standing commitment to Boston's diverse immigrant communities,"" said Beth Smith, executive director of the Hyams Foundation. ""Along with our three local funding colleagues, we are pleased to support the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians' response to a national funding opportunity while remaining committed to broader and more permanent immigration reform that allows for these vital populations to continue contributing to our city. We appreciate Open Society Foundations' partnership in this important work as well as the Boston Foundation, Miller Foundation, and Fish Family Foundation.""TheDACA/DAPA Outreach Initiative will consist of aprogram coordinator in theMayor's Office of New Bostonians (MONB)and provide $100,000 in grants to 21 community organizations to inform Boston's immigrant communities, provide eligibility screenings, assist with applications when they become available, and prevent scams. These community organizations will convene onMarch 31, 2016to develop and coordinate a plan of action.The following organizations will be partnering with the City of Boston on this initiative:Action for Boston Community Development (ABCD)Agencia ALPHAAsian American Civic AssociationBrazilian Women's GroupBrazilian Worker CenterCatholic Charities of BostonCentro PresenteChelsea CollaborativeDominican Development CenterEast Boston Ecumenical Community Council (EBECC)Gilbert Albert Community CenterImmigrant Family Services InstituteIrish International Immigrant CenterLatinos Unidos en Massachusetts (LUMA)Massachusetts Immigrant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition (MIRA)Massachusetts Law Reform Institute (MLRI)Political Asylum/Immigration Representation Project (PAIR)St. Mark's Community Education ProgramStudents Immigration MovementTabernacle Baptist CongregationTrue Alliance Center  After President Obama's announcement of executive actions on immigration in November 2014, MONB launched a ""Know the Facts"" Campaign which involved coordinating community organizations, staffing an information hotline, publishing materials, giving community presentations, and holding a screening clinic event to educate the public, serve those who might benefit, and prevent scams. MONB has also co-hosted events assisting those eligible for the 2012 version ofDACAwith their applications and renewals. In May 2015, Mayor Walsh wrote an op-ed and held press conference at Faneuil Hall to further voice the importance of expandedDACAand DAPA to Boston's eligible immigrant communities.On Tuesday, March 8, 2016, Mayor Walsh joined 117 mayors, county executives, and local governments, as well as the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the National League of Cities in submitting an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court in support of the executive actions on immigration in United States v. Texas, the lawsuit that has led to a preliminary injunction preventing the implementation expandedDACAand DAPA."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, March 8, 2016- On International Women's Day, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the winners of the EXTRAordinary Women Campaign, led by the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. The campaign highlights women that do extraordinary work within the Boston community. Hundreds of women were nominated for this campaign and 31 were selected to be recognized by the Office of Women's Advancement, every day during Women's History Month.""The hard work, commitment, and leadership of women make an enormous impact on the City of Boston every day,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This Women's History Month, it is important that we honor the women who have come before us and recognize those who are currently active leaders in our neighborhoods. I encourage anyone who knows the women who are being highlighted to take a moment to show them gratitude for what they do for our community.""Mayor Walsh is committed to the advancement of women, having launched a five-year partnership with theAmerican Association of University Women (AAUW) to offer free salary negotiation workshops available to every woman in the city of Boston, called ""AAUW Work Smart in Boston"", the first of its kind in the country. Learn more information about the workshops.The EXTRAordinary Women Campaign winners are as follows:Natasha ArcherRoxburyNatasha is a dedicated physician and scientist at Boston Children's Hospital and Dana Farber Cancer Institute. She is working to improve the lives of children with sickle cell disease worldwide.Margaret ButlerJamaica PlainMargaret founded Komera, a nonprofit that assists girls in pursuit of secondary education and invests in their success.Terri CampbellNorth EndTerri is a Big Sister and Board member at Big Sister Association of Greater Boston and has been for more than 10 years. She is passionate about serving girls and young women.Margaret ConnollyWest RoxburyMargaret has mentored and inspired girls as a Big Sister at Big Sister Association of Greater Boston for over five years. She serves her country as a Reservist in the US Coast Guard and protects residents as a Boston Firefighter.Cothenia Cooper-PatersonDorchesterCothenia is a detective in the Boston Police Sexual Assault Unit and volunteers her time to support several causes that impact the inner city. She is a model of community policing.June CooperJamaica PlainRev. Cooper advocates for all residents through her ministry and homelessness prevention programs at City Mission.Cherie CraftRoxburyCherie is helping close the academic achievement gap. She created Smart from the Start, a family support and school readiness organization.Nataka CraytonDorchesterNataka empowers residents to grow their own food and cook healthy meals. She believes in the power of people and was instrumental in creating the Urban Farming Institute which promotes urban farming and green collar jobs.Jeanne DasaroDorchesterJeanne is founder Wonder Women of Boston, a women's networking group.Shari DavisBrightonAs Director of the City of Boston's Youth Engagement & Employment, Shari works to provide employment and developmental opportunities for Boston's youth.Sara Mraish DemeterBeacon HillSara is the Founder of Art Resource Collaborative for Kids (ARCK). She provides BPS youth with art education and helps them unlock their creative potential.Jullieanne DohertyJamaica PlainAs the Mayor's liaison to the LGBT community and Jamaica Plain, Jullieanne helps to serve Boston residents and connect the public to resources.Olivia FentyDorchesterOlivia founded the Chocolate Project, an organization that highlights the experience of young women of color and raises self-esteem.Elizabeth FitzpatrickDorchesterElizabeth served the USA while in Afghanistan as a Corporal in the US Marines. She is currently getting a degree in early childhood education.Patricia FlahertyMission HillPat spends her days advocating for smart development and housing that is affordable. Her most recent accomplishment was the opening of the Maria Sanchez House that brought 40 units of affordable senior housing to the neighborhood.Lourdes GermanBrightonLourdes is the founder of the Civic Innovation Project and Fellow at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. She is driven by a deep commitment and passion for communities and civic engagement.Kenyora JohnsonDorchesterKenyora is committed to mentoring girls through her job at Strong Women and Strong Girls in Greater Boston.Suzanne LeeChinatownSuzanne has led civil rights, education and economic justice throughout the City of Boston since 1976.Vivian LeeJamaica PlainVivian advances the City's diversity by making sure that limited English speakers have a voice in public housing and by encouraging them to tell their stories and speak their mind.Courtney LeonardMattapanCourtney is committed to mentoring Boston's youth of color by igniting their passions and encouraging them to reach their full potential. She works with Big Sister of Greater Boston and serves as Chief Operating Officer and Coach for the Boston Showstoppers Girls Academic & Athletic Program.Lily LynchBack BayLily oversees all of Mass Nonprofit Network's communication strategies and plays an important role in supporting Boston area nonprofits through the organization. She is also a devoted Big Sister at the Big Sister of Greater Boston. Meriel MarmanilloRoslindaleMeriel volunteers on local boards that support the advancement of Latino/as people and other community-based groups.Lindsa McintyreDorchesterLindsa focuses on the students, parents and staff atJeremiah E. Burke High Schooland takes pride in developing new leaders.Erin MurphyDorchesterErin ran a marathon to help remove the negative stigma from addiction. She advocates for addiction recovery services and programs.Charlayne Murrell-SmithRoxburyCharlayne is a passionate mentor and leader at Boston Children's Museum. She helps advance the museum's programs and mission.Catalina OcampoBrightonCatalina works at Bunker Hill Community College and is currently working toward her Master of Social Work from Simmons College.Sheriece Perry Esq.RoslindaleSheriece is an attorney and Co-Founder of G.I.R.L.S.R.U.L.E., a summer program for girls in Roxbury. She serves disadvantaged populations and empowers girls.Susan PrindleBack BaySusan works on issues ranging from development to architecture, and her efforts has helped maintain the historic character of the neighborhood, while simultaneously promoting sustainable and area-appropriate development.Reinelda ""Chiqui"" RiveraSouth EndChiqui is a community activist. She is well recognized for her efforts in rescuing and reviving the Puerto Rican Festival of Massachusetts and ensuring that the Festival provides a safe weekend of arts and cultural activities for the entire family.Priscilla RojasDowntown BostonPriscilla commits her passion and leadership to organizations across Boston, promoting the betterment of the city and advancement of women and people of color.Ashley RoseFenwayAshley Rose has spent the last 12 years of her life working to improve the lives of youth and elders through art, education and activism in Boston Public schools. Currently, she focuses on drug rehab centers and community centers at Lena Park CDC."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City has selected Boston Garden Development Corporation as the vendor who will work with the City of Boston to enhance City Hall Plaza.""I am confident that the City of Boston has a great partner in Boston Garden Development Corporation who will help us make the best use year-round of the space we have at City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank all respondents for their thoughtful proposals and I look forward to the next steps as we reimagine the plaza as a thriving, healthy and innovative space.""As the result of a competitive Request for Proposals (RFP), which the City released in September 2015 and re-issued in February 2016, the selection of the Boston Garden Development Corporation marks the start of a three-year contract to improve City Hall Plaza. Boston Garden Development Corporation will have the opportunity to add new programming elements to complement existing activities on the plaza, and add new temporary amenities.""Mayor Walsh has a vision for revitalizing City Hall Plaza into a thriving, healthy and innovative civic space,"" said CEO for Delaware North's Boston Holdings Charlie Jacobs. ""I am proud that the Boston Garden Development Corporation has been recognized for sharing the Mayor's vision and that we are fully committed to a significant investment that will transform City Hall Plaza into a year-round destination. We're looking forward to partnering with the city and exploring these proposed concepts, in collaboration with numerous local civic, arts and community organizations, to co-create and re-energize the plaza for the benefit of residents and visitors alike.""The proposal represents a first step towards a vision for what City Hall Plaza can become, but is not a binding contract that will determine what will appear on the plaza. The City will work with the Boston Garden Development Corporation to determine what is feasible over the next three years.On Wednesday, February 17 and Thursday, February 18, the Selection Committee for the Enhancing City Hall Plaza RFP heard presentations from the three proponents. After reviewing each proposal and their pricing structures, the Selection Committee strongly recommended the Boston Garden Development Proposal.In the second round of the RFP, the City received three proposals:"
To me, being a part of the Boston community means both getting to know a citys stories and being part of creating new history. As an architect, I always strive to design buildings that create opportunityfor children to play in unique places to gather to provide comfort to a visitor from another city and spaces to learn for tomorrows citizens to shine today.This is why I value my opportunity to serve on the Boston Creates Leadership Council over the past year, helping to shape the cultural arts plan for Bostons future. Throughout the wide-reaching process involving artists, community members, developers, cultural icons, institutions, citizens, city officialsand anyone passionate about how art enhances the citywe have collectively contributed to discover what is working now and what the city could do better for the future. It has been a great civic process of expression and listening.I have heard artists who passionately love this city, and yet also know that to create art in Boston is not such an easy thing to do. Issues of access to the arts, equity, and funding have come to the surfaceall things that can stifle diversity and creativity.I have come to see the greatest opportunity for the new cultural arts plan is to shine a light on what is already here in Boston. True success will be to highlight and show the depth of unique expressionnot just the familiar, but the cross-disciplinary, cross-cultural stories in a new context. I want to hear visitors say that Boston is both rich in its historyand rich in art. I want to see Boston as a hub of innovation, creativity, and expression.After 16 years of living and working in this community, pathways of travel have now become familiar just as certain patterns of speech. I find memories and connections not just in the places I most frequent but also in the farthest corners. Still, I have to admit there is a lot more for me to continue and explore in Bostonmore than I can accomplish in another 16 years.While I am not a Boston native, my two young children are. I get the opportunity to see the city through their eyes as they learn and question their own narrative of what it means to be a Bostonian. Arts and culture must be part of 21stcentury Boston if it is to reflect the many stories and dreams of the unique people who call it home.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Children's Savings Account (CSA) program will launch at five Boston Public Schools (BPS) in fall 2016, giving families the opportunity to create a long-term savings plan for college, post-secondary education and training. The five schools are part of a learning cohort to help the city design a universal roll out in fall 2019, and this pilot phase will allow the City to troubleshoot before the full launch.""One of the most important things we can do for our children in the City of Boston is put them on a pathway to success by bridging education and financial opportunities, and planning in advance for their future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A Children's Savings Account is a tool that every family should have access to and I am thrilled to launch this pilot program to help level the playing field for students of all backgrounds and make their dreams of college and post-secondary education become a reality.""Selected as the result of an open application process, the CSA pilot program will be launched at the Harvard Kent Elementary School in Charlestown, the James Otis Elementary School in East Boston, the McKay K-8 School in East Boston, the Franklin D. Roosevelt K-8 in Hyde Park and Conley Elementary School in Roslindale.The program, run by the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE), has three goals:1. Create a college-going culture in Boston and set expectations that every child in Boston will enroll in and complete some form of college post-secondary education or training.2. Increase the percentage of Boston's children who graduate from high school and the percentage of BPS graduates who enroll in and complete college or some form of post-secondary education or training.3. Increase Boston's children and families' financial capability to help create lifelong savings and investment habits, a key for success in college and beyond.Possessing a children's savings account can positively impact children's and families' mindsets towards post-secondary education and training. Research and practice across the country strongly suggest that CSAs are an effective tool in impacting higher education outcomes: families with CSAs are more likely to see college as a goal for their children, and low-income children with $500 or less in a savings account, dedicated to higher education, have been shown to be three times more likely to enroll and four times more likely to graduate from college.All Kindergarten (K2) students at the selected pilot schools will have an initial seed deposit set aside for them. Families will be able to save for post-secondary education and training, and will have opportunities to earn incentives along the way.""Preparing for educational and career paths are so compelling when it is integrated at an early age,"" said Trinh Nguyen, Director of the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development. ""Every child, regardless of income, race, and gender deserves to make their dream of post-secondary education and college come true. The CSA is a powerful tool to align community partners, parents, teachers and students' to work towards building this culture.""""We are grateful for the support of the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment and the EoS Foundation for helping our students and families in this important area,"" said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Financial literacy and empowerment are important factors to success in college, career, and life, and must be an essential goal for every student and family in Boston Public Schools.""CSAs are expected to be rolled out city-wide in fall 2019, and the three-year pilot will allow the City to troubleshoot before the full launch.The pilot program is supported by various private foundations, including theEoS Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation committed to breaking the cycle of poverty by investing in children's futures.Building on OFE's mission to build, grow and reinforce a holistic financial inclusion strategy for the City of Boston, OFE has been awarded a two year grant from the National League of Cities' ""Cities Building Systems to Promote Financial Inclusion"" to support the CSA program. Boston was one of eight cities chosen and will participate in a Mayors' Institute on Financial Inclusion in April 2016 and receive in-depth technical assistance. The participating cities are invited to apply for up to two rounds of funds from a grant pool from $15,000 - $50,000 based on the proposed project and budget."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the appointments of Shaun Blugh as Director of Growth Strategies and Lauren Jones as Director of Business Strategy under the Economic Development Cabinet. In addition, Mayor Walsh has elevated Danielson Tavares to Chief Diversity Officer from Deputy Chief of Operations.""These are exciting changes in the Walsh administration that further our commitment to the business community in Boston, and support diversity in City Hall and workplaces across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It became clear as we worked with General Electric to move their headquarters to the Seaport that we can do an even better job at promoting Boston as open for business and I'm confident that Shaun and Lauren are the right team to get the job done.""Shaun's responsibilities as Director of Growth Strategies will include creating and executing a comprehensive strategy to attract new businesses in emerging industries across Boston's diverse neighborhoods and pursuing new business leads, among others. Shaun joined Mayor Walsh's administration in December 2015 as the city's first Chief Diversity Officer. In this position, he released the first-ever Workforce Profile Report to transparently examine the racial and gender makeup of Boston's municipal employee base and led the Diversity and Inclusion Team in their work to diversify city leadership, staff and members of boards and commissions. Shaun also worked on developing a diversity dashboard that builds on the information made available in the Workforce Profile Report.Prior to joining the city, Shaun worked for the IMB Development Corporation.At IMB, Shaun performed research on various industry sectors across the country in his role as Director of Due Diligence.As Director of Business Strategy, Lauren will be focused on retaining existing businesses, engaging the Boston business community and working in partnership with the Director of Growth Strategies to strengthen Boston for growth as a place to do business in the national and international markets. Lauren started with the Economic Development Cabinet as Deputy Director of Business Strategy and served as an important member of the team that worked with General Electric.Over the past two years, Lauren has led key initiatives for the Walsh Administration including the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program, the development of the Mayor's Mentoring Movement to recruit 1,000 mentors for Boston's youth, the successful passage of banning smokeless tobacco in Boston parks, and she continues to provide a lead role in the execution of President Obama's 'My Brother's Keeper' (MBK) Initiative in Boston.Before joining the City of Boston in January 2014, Lauren worked in state government for over six yearsincluding in business and workforce development roles.Leading the Mayor's Diversity Office, Danielson will work to implement the city's diversity goals and objectives, including hiring, leadership and career development, and partner with community, academic and business organization to assist in the development of hiring process that ensure opportunities and advancement for candidates from underrepresented demographic groups. Danielson has worked for the Walsh Administration for two years, as a Special Assistant to the Mayor and, most recently, as Deputy Chief of Operations. Danielson also worked for the Massachusetts Legislature for two years before coming to City Hall. After immigrating from the Cape Verde Islands as a child, Danielson was raised in Boston and started his education in the Boston Public School system,earned a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and completed the ""The Partnership,"" a year-long professional development seminar. In addition, Danielson is pursuing a masters in city planning at Boston University. Danielson currently sits on the My Brother's Keeper Boston Advisory Committee and the Board of Trustees for Nativity Preparatory School, atuition-free, Jesuit middle school serving boys of all faiths from low-income families residing in Boston.""I am proud to have worked closely with Danielson over the past two years and he was the clear choice to serve as the city's Chief Diversity Officer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Danielson brings a unique skill set to the table and his proven work in the community will serve as a positive asset as he starts his work."" "
"Since launching in October, Imagine Boston 2030 - the first citywide plan in 50 years - has used text messages, suggestion boxes, community open houses, email, social media, visioning kits and web surveys to ask Bostonians how their lives would be better in 2030 and beyond. And now the results are in. The top three responses were:""This input is an important first step in the planning process because it shapes the conversation about how Boston can leverage its unprecedented growth to create an even better city,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Our overarching goal is to make sure everyone who lives, works and plays in Boston benefits from this growth, while setting the course for future generations to grow inclusively and have access to opportunity."" Today the City released a report that outlines the goals of Imagine Boston 2030. CalledGuiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City,the report outlines Boston's recent growth and the city's remarkable transition from urban decline to significant job creation and population growth since 1980. While Boston's growth is essential to becoming more inclusive, growth brings challenges, including the rising housing prices, strained transit networks and uneven access to educational and job opportunities that Bostonians told us about this fall. As our city grows, we must invest in housing, space for businesses across a range of industries, transportation, open space and other important elements of city life to ensure that our growth is inclusive and attracts new workers and businesses. Based on Bostonians' input, Imagine Boston 2030 will preserve and enhance what we love about Boston, while embracing growth to address our challenges and make our city stronger and more inclusive.Imagine Boston 2030 proposes four goals for Boston's future: provide quality of life in accessible neighborhoods drive inclusive economic growth promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change and invest in infrastructure, open space and culture. The plan will identify the policies and investments necessary to support these goals. For example, Imagine Boston 2030 will identify areas where new housing can be constructed to reach the City's 53,000 unit housing goal, which includes nearly 27,000 units of workforce housing. This spring, the Imagine Boston 2030 team is actively engaging residents and workers in a conversation about where and how Boston can grow. We invite all Bostonians to engage in person atcommunity workshopsand connect with our street teams as they visit each neighborhood. To engage Bostonians online, Imagine Boston 2030 has developed adigital mapping toolwith coUrbanize, a local start-up. Using CoUrbanize, Bostonians can add their ideas for where Boston should preserve, enhance and grow. Here's how to stay in the loop with Imagine Boston 2030:The final Imagine Boston 2030 plan is scheduled to be released in the spring of 2017. For more information, please visitwww.imagine.boston.gov. "
Through Imagine Boston, we will create a 21st century waterfront that reduces our vulnerability to climate risk, creates jobs and dramatically improves the public realm. We will embrace new approaches to greenhouse gas reduction and invest in the innovative energy systems, green infrastructure and remediated brownfields needed to make Boston a healthy place for all residents to live and grow.How can we achieve this goal?Our emerging strategies to promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change are:Why are we setting this goal?This goal responds to Bostons challenges and builds on its strengths:In order to achieve this goal, we need to reduce our physical and economic vulnerability to climate risks and create a healthy, safe environment for residents and businesses.Want to provide feedback on these strategies or add your ideas about how Boston can guide growth? Please weigh in now onwhere Boston should grow.
Bostons parks, cultural institutions and infrastructure have long provided a foundation for the citys growth, attracting new residents and jobs and differentiating Boston from other cities. Through Imagine Boston, we will provide a roadmap for investing in these assets to ensure that they meet the needs of a growing, increasingly diverse population and support the range of businesses that fuel our economy.How can we achieve this goal?Our emerging strategies to invest in infrastructure, open space and culture are:Why are we setting this goal?This goal responds to Bostons challenges and builds on its strengths:To reach this goal, we need to invest in infrastructure, open space and culture to ensure that Bostonians live in dynamic urban neighborhoods and that Bostons businesses and institutions continue to grow and thrive.Want to provide feedback on these strategies or add your ideas about how Boston can guide growth? Please weigh in now onwhere Boston should grow.[1]City of Boston Open Data Mass GIS
In an economy driven by talent, quality of life is an economic asset. To ensure that Boston sustains its current growth, we will provide the space and quality of life our leading companies and institutions need to attract talent and offer well-paying jobs to Bostonians. To connect Bostonians to quality careers that provide living wages, we will build a robust network of job training programs, make strategic transportation investments, strengthen connections between local companies and residents and preserve key industries vital to our economic strength and diversity.How can we achieve this goal?Our emerging strategies to drive inclusive economic growth are:Why are we setting this goal?This goal responds to Bostons challenges and builds on its strengths:To achieve this goal and grow inclusively, we need to guide investment to address persistent disparities, ensure that Bostonians have access to quality careers and continue attracting talented businesses and workers.Want to provide feedback on these strategies or add your ideas about how Boston can guide growth? Please weigh in now onwhere Boston should grow.[1]U.S. Census Bureau 2009-2013 American Community Survey Public Use Microdata Sample (PUMS) BRA Research Division Analysis
To ensure quality of life in accessible neighborhoods, Imagine Boston will preserve and enhance our community fabric by guiding investments in housing, main streets, transportation and community spaces. We will identify places where we can build new housing at a variety of income levels, reducing strain on the housing market and ensuring that a diverse array of Bostonians can continue to call our city home.How can we achieve this goal?Our emerging strategies to provide quality of life in neighborhoods are:Why are we setting this goal?This goal responds to Bostons challenges and builds on its strengths:We need to guide our growth to create complete neighborhoods with housing that is affordable to Bostonians.Want to provide feedback on these strategies or add your ideas about how Boston can guide growth? Please weigh in now onwhere Boston should grow.[1]U.S. Census Bureau 2009-2013 American Community Survey BRA Research Division Analysis Mass GIS
Imagine Boston 2030 provides an opportunity for Boston to harness growth to make our City more equitable.While Boston is evolving rapidly with diverse residents, new jobs and more housing, many Bostonians are struggling. Housing prices are increasing, systemic poverty persists and income and educational attainment vary dramatically. Racial divisions endure and Bostons children grow up with uneven access to opportunities.Growth provides us with the opportunity to make investments that address these challengesand improve quality of life for all Bostonians.To capture the benefits of growth, we must plan proactively.Imagine Boston 2030 is planning at the citywide scale to ensure that Bostons investments support the Citys vision for inclusive growth. By actively guiding Bostons growth, we will make investments that yield multiple benefits. New housing will align with transportation investments, open space improvements will reduce climate risk and connect Bostonians to the waterfront, and offices and labs will be located near schools that train Bostonians for quality careers.Imagine Boston 2030 will preserve and enhance what we love about Boston, while embracing growth to address our challenges and make our City stronger and more inclusive.Over the coming months, we are seeking input to identify areas to preserve, enhance and grow across our City. This feedback will inform our strategy for guiding Bostons growth, which we will release in Summer 2016.Weigh inon where and how Boston can grow andshare your thoughts in personby attending our community workshops or meeting with our street teams. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updateshere.
To guide Imagine Boston 2030, we turned to those who know the City best  the residents and businesses that call Boston home. Over the last few months, the City engaged Bostonians through open houses, visioning sessions, suggestion boxes, text messages, social media and web surveys to understand Bostonians vision for the future. We listened. While this is only the beginning of collecting feedback, the early response has been clear.When asked how their life will be better in 2030, the top three responses were:Do you have more to add to the input weve received so far? There are a number ofwaysto give us your feedback about how youd like to see Boston change leading up to 2030. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updateshere.[1]2009-2013, 5-Year American Community Survey[2]2014 1-Year American Community Survey Zillow Home Value Index, 2015 1-Year average.[3]Housing A Changing City, Boston 2030[4]Go Boston 2030, 2008-2012 American Community Survey, Public Use Microdata[5]U.S. Census Bureau, 2009-2013 American Community Survey, Public Use Microdata Sample (PUMS), BRA Research Division Analysis
No other major American city has made as dramatic a transition from post-industrial urban decline to significant job creation since 1980.Bostons vibrant neighborhoods, cultural assets, highly productive workers, innovative businesses, and renowned hospitals and universities have spurred this era of rapid growth.Between 2010 and 2014, our population grew by six percent, twice the rate of the nation.[1]By 2030, Boston will be home to at least 709,000 residents, an increase of eight percent from our current population and a number Boston has not seen since before 1960.[2]To house our growing population and reduce pressure on the housing market,we need to add at least 53,000 additional housing units.[3]These new units must reflect our shifting demographics: households are smaller, with many more young adults and baby boomers seeking suitable housing that meets their preferences and that they can afford.Alongside population growth,Boston added nearly 45,000 jobs between 2010 and 2014.[4]Strong growth in professional services, health care and education has fueled this seven percent increase and created a highly productive economy.[5]Today, Boston workers are more productive than the average American worker, and their greater productivity adds $24 billion in incremental productivity to the Boston economy every year.[6]The commercial office sector has expanded alongside job growth, with4.8 million square feet of new office space constructed between 2010 and 2015,a nearly 5 percent increase in the citys office stock, and another 4.2 million square feet of office space under construction or approved.[7]This recent and upcoming office construction is equivalent to adding over seven new Prudential Towers to the City.As we build new housing and office space, we must invest in improvements that ensure growth is inclusive and enables us to attract new workers and businesses.Over the coming months, we seek your input to identify how we can welcome new residents and workers, while making Boston a more inclusive city for those who live and work here today. This feedback will inform our strategy for guiding Bostons growth, which we will release in Summer 2016.Weigh inon where and how Boston can grow andshare your thoughts in personby attending our community workshops or meeting with our street teams.Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updateshere.[1]U.S. Census Bureau, 2010 Decennial Census, 2014 1-Year American Community Survey[2]Metropolitan Area Planning Commission (2010-2030 demographic forecasts as used in Housing A Changing City, Boston 2030)[3]Housing A Changing City, Boston 2030[4]Economic Modeling Specialists, Inc..[5]Economic Modeling Specialists, Inc. National job growth between 2010 and 2015 was six percent.[6]U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, Massachusetts Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development (DWD), BRA Research Division Analysis[7]CoStar 2010-2015 Office Deliveries, BRA Project Pipeline Database
At the request of neighborhood residents, the Eagle Hill Civic Association and State Representative Adrian Madaro, the Boston Transportation Department is expanding the East Boston Resident Parking Program to include all of Eagle Hill. Resident Parking Only regulations will be in effect throughout streets on Eagle Hill 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in an effort to ensure that residents are given preference to the limited number of parking spaces in the area. Designated Visitor Parking spaces will be established as well. New parking regulation signs are expected to be posted in mid-March, followed up with two weeks of courtesy notice distribution by Parking Enforcement Officers. Actual enforcement of the new Resident Parking Regulations will begin on Monday, April 4, 2016, and vehicles parked in violation will be subject to a $40 parking ticket fine.When the new program goes into effect, it will be necessary for an East Boston Resident Parking Permit to be properly affixed to the passenger side, rear windshield of the vehicle to legally park in spaces on Eagle Hill that are designated as Resident Parking Only. Residents are encouraged to apply early for an East Boston Resident Parking Permit which may be obtained as follows.In addition, to make the permit application process as convenient as possible for Eagle Hill residents, the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services is making arrangements for the City Hall to Go Truck to be stationed in East Boston for extended periods of time in the coming weeks. Truck staff will be available to provide assistance with applications, and the truck will serve as a Drop Off location for completed applications, with permits being mailed to residents shortly thereafter.Please see the attached schedule when the City Hall to Go Truck will be inEast Boston assisting with this project,orvisitwww.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogoto view the Truck's full upcoming schedule.To obtain an East Boston Resident Parking Permit, residents or their representatives must present the following documents.Residents should also be aware that all overdue City of Boston parking tickets must be paid before a permit will be issued. To determine if you have any Boston parking tickets outstanding, please visit cityofboston.gov/parking. Payments may be made as follows.
The Imagine Boston Street Team will be visiting every single neighborhood over five weeks in late February and March.
"Our new topic onpilot.boston.govwill feature options for getting around Boston without a car. We're just not sure what to name it.A large part of Boston.govs redesign is rewriting everything to be more clear. We usually have a hunch of how to improve, but we also work in our own City Hall bubble. We need the publics feedback early and often to be sure were making choices that work for everyone.An early example that came out of our user testing sessions was the name of a new navigation item. We were testing out the best name for a link to a page with all of the Citys payments, applications, and permits  any forms residents need to fill out and submit. The link's name was planned to be Transactions, but for such an important resource we wanted to be sure.Users gave it a resounding thumbs-down. Most assumed that to only be for making payments, but not registering or applying for permits. Not only did we avoid a bad name, our testers gave us some great ""outside-the-bubble"" ideas about what could work better.So, we're back with a request for some informal user input on a puzzle we're currently working on.We're struggling with the name of a new Topic about getting around Boston without a car. The page will include information about walking, the MBTA, bike riding, and car sharing. Not Having a Car in the City is a mouthful and frames the content in a negative light. Getting Around Boston is too vague. We thought the title No Car, No Problem was a short and punchy choice, but were on the fence.What do you think? Please email us what name you would give this Topic (fivewords or fewer) atdigital@boston.gov."
Boston Public Library celebrates Teen Tech Week March 6-12, an annual national initiative of the Young Adult Library Services Association. Six neighborhood locations in the Boston Public Library system, including the recently renovated Teen Central at the Central Library, have events planned with the theme Create it at your library. Through these programs, learning is extended beyond the classroom and teens have a space in which they can explore, create, and share content, and learn to be competent and ethical users of digital media.Teen Tech Week is a great opportunity for our young residents across the city to participate in free programs that will advance their skills in using modern technology, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage all of our teenage learners to participate in these programs that will help them expand their knowledge of digital media and technology, and gain a competitive advantage that will help them achieve their future goals.Boston Public Library joins libraries across the nation in supporting the digital literacy needs of teens everywhere, said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard. Boston teens across the city have a variety of programs to choose from and can further their education and skill development in a safe learning environment.Teen Tech Week is a prime opportunity for teens across the city to have a hands-on experience with technology and hone their skills teens participating in technology programs at Boston Public Library locations will help support their college and 21st century career needs, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Manager of Youth Services.Programs offered March 6-12 include music making through code, building robot hardware, blogging, and coding with Minecraft in conjunction with the Rhode Island Computer Museum. The six Boston Public Library locations participating in Teen Tech Week are: Dudley, East Boston, Grove Hall, Hyde Park, Mattapan, and Teen Central, Central Library in Copley Square. The complete schedule of events for Teen Tech Week and beyond can be found by searching for Teen Tech Week in the Boston Public Library calendar, which is available viawww.bpl.org/calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Today,Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Boston and100Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC) launched the Transatlantic Policy Lab (TAPL), a meeting of top city and nonprofit officials, to address the ways inequalities in income and opportunity affect Boston's shared resilience-building efforts. Over the course of three days, attendees will develop policy recommendations to reduce systemic inequalities and build upon best practices from other cities in 100RC's network, with support from The Bertelsmann Foundation and The German Marshall Fund of the United States. The TAPL convening, hosted at the Roxbury Innovation Center, includes participation from Dr. Atyia Martin, Boston's Chief Resilience Officer Alvaro Lima, Director of Research for the Boston Redevelopment Authority Dolores Acevedo Garcia, Director of the Institute for Child, Youth and Family Policy at the Heller School for Social Policy and Management, Brandeis University and other resilience thought leaders in the private, public and nonprofit sectors. ""This work is very important to the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is no better time than now for us to lay the groundwork for our resilience efforts. This is one of the many stages of the process and I look forward to making deep-rooted systemic change to help address inequities in our City. I thank all of our partners for their collaboration in making this possible."" ""We're proud to provide best-in-class tools and services to foster resilience-building efforts at no direct cost to our member cities,"" said Liz Yee, Vice President of Strategic Partnerships and Solutions for100Resilient Cities. ""By convening experts through the Transatlantic Policy Lab, we are poised toassist Boston's resilience-building efforts and identify where approaches can be scaled to address similar challenges in other cities."" A member of the 100RC network since 2014, Boston's resilience-building efforts place a unique focus on social resilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class. In her role as the city's Chief Resilience Officer and under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, Dr. Martin supports all of Boston's major planning efforts, working across City departments and with external stakeholders. 100RC has worked to begin a citywide dialogue on the root causes of Boston's divisions and inequities, helping the city to unite and build collective capacity for change. The TAPL social equity lab was provided to the city by 100RC as part of its network of Platform Partners. Boston is one of only two cities worldwide, along with Athens, Greece, to be selected as a pilot site for the TAPL's work with 100RC. 100RC Platform Partners provide a suite of resilience-building tools and services supplied by partners from the private, public, academic, and non-profit sectors - at no cost to 100RC member cities."
If you're a Hubway member you'll be able to ride Hubway in Boston today! If you're not already a member, sign up now! Don't forget, low-income residents of Boston are eligible for our Subsidized Hubway program.Below is the tentative schedule for station installations this week. The schedule is subject to change based on weather conditions and other factors, so please check thehubway.com, or download the spotcycle app for real-time station availability. Want to get updates about the rest of the deployment schedule? Sign up for the Hubway newsletter!02.29.16Harvard Real Estate - Brighton Mills - 370 Western AveHarvard University Transportation Services - 175 North Harvard StInnovation Lab - 125 Western Ave at Batten WayNew Balance - 20 Guest StUnion Square - Brighton Ave at Cambridge St03.01.16Agganis Arena - 925 Comm AveB.U. Central - 725 Commonwealth AveBrighton Center - Cambridge St at Washington StBuswell S. at Park DrPackard's Corner - Commonwealth Ave at Brighton Ave03.02.16Colleges of the Fenway - Fenway at Avenue Louis PasteurHMS / HSPH - Ave. Louis Pasteur at Longwood AveLandmark Centre - Brookline Ave at Boylston StLongwood Ave at Binney StWentworth Institute of Technology - Huntington Ave at Louis Prang St03.03.16Nashua Street at Martha RoadSouth Station - 700 Atlantic AveTD Garden #1 - Causeway at Portal ParkTD Garden #2 - Causeway at Portal Park03.04.16Boylston St at Washington StCharlestown - Warren St at Chelsea StCross St at Hanover StMayor Martin J. Walsh - 28 State StreetTremont St at West St
Last year, Boston Public Schools studentMalachi Hernandez, 17, stood next to President Barack Obama at a My Brothers Keeper Town Hall and said young people deserve to be loved.Just last month,Stephen Lafume, 17, presented to White House officials and leaders from across the country on Bostons youth participatory budgeting program, a first-of-its-kind in the nation.These examples of leadership are snapshots of the many ways My Brothers Keeper Boston has encouraged young people to stand up for themselves, for their peers, and for our citys future.Two years ago, in my first months as Mayor, Boston proudly answered President Obamas call, becoming one of the first cities to participate in the MBK Community Challenge.Our reasons were clear. Two-thirds of Bostonians under the age of 19 are black or latinoyet research shows that they face significantly greater challenges than their peers. In other words, our citys future depends on giving all our youth an equal chance at success. We are determined to be our brothers keeper, our sisters keeper, and our communitys keeper.Since then, we rolled up our sleeves and got to work. In new initiatives, established programs, and everyday operations across city agencies, we have integrated MBK principles: to ensure all our youth graduate from high school ready for college and career to make sure young people successfully enter the workforce and to reduce youth violence and provide second chances.Just a few highlights include:I am immensely proud of all this progress and more. Its been made possible by an extraordinary coalition of young people and all those who care about thembrought together by the far-sighted framework of the My Brothers Keeper vision.Boston is committed to continuing this work because Boston is committed tearing down the barriers that make it challenging for youth of color to succeed.MBK reminds elected officials like me to ask in very specific ways: what can we do in government, and across our communities, to correct inequities and unlock the potential of young people of color? Building on this focus, last month I released Bostons Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda. Its a roadmap to equal opportunity in careers, in business ownership, and in community wellbeing.As is true across America, inequality in Boston is rooted in decades and centuries of injustice. The work of finally eradicating these disparities will take many years.But one outcome has been immediate. And thats because MBK is about more than policy. Its about empowerment. Its in the voices of Malachi, and Stephen, and thousands of others who have stood up and made their voices heard. Young people are leading the way to a better future for them, for our city, and for our country. Thats something that gives all of us hope.
Since kicking off the engagement process for Imagine Boston 2030 this past fall, we have been seeking feedback from residents to guide the first citywide planning process in 50 years. Next, were launching a series of community workshops from March 10 - 22 to share our analysis of how Boston is changing and to get YOUR input on where and how the city should preserve, enhance and grow.Please join us, and invite your friends and neighbors. Check out the full list of community workshops dates and locations below to find a time and location that works for you and click on the location to register:We hope to see you at one of our events, but youre unable to make it, there are a variety ofadditional waysto share your thoughts about the shaping the future of Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an Executive Order to ensure that minority and women entrepreneurs are afforded fair and equitable opportunities when competing for City contracts. Mayor Walsh also released the City of Boston Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, which focuses on programs, policies and initiatives that have been initiated or carried out by the Walsh Administration to address racial and economic disparities in the City of Boston. ""As Boston expands its footprint in the global economy, we are using the tools at our disposal to ensure that everyone in our city is included in this growth,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ensuring equal access across all modes of local government is more than a moral imperative-it is just the right thing to do. We must address economic inequities and build for a stronger and healthier Boston-a City that provides the same ladder of opportunity for all.""ThisExecutive Ordersets spending goals for minority and women owned businesses competing for contracts in construction, architecture and engineering and professional services. Additionally, the City will provide training and assistance to minority and women owned enterprises to encourage successful bidding and performance on City contracts.The first in a series of policies targeting procurement reform, this order also paves the way for a new disparity study to analyze racial, ethnic and gender bias in City procurement. The study is expected to launch by the end of this year and will lead to the further examination of policies and goals that encourage the use of minority and women owned businesses.The ""Equity and Inclusion Agenda"" offers a public baseline for tracking and contextualizing work across multiple departments and serving multiple constituencies.The Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda outlines four major themes: 1) income and employment, 2) wealth creation, 3) business development, and 4) economic mobility. It serves as a roadmap of the many program offerings that are available to the public through City departments, ranging from education, to public safety and economic development.Each theme in the Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda is also supported by My Brother's Keeper (MBK) recommendations currently underway, as a follow up to the release of the2015 MBK Boston Recommendations Report. President Barack Obama launched MBK nationally two years ago, and Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston was one of the first cities to take the MBK Community Challenge to improve life outcomes for Black and Latino boys and young men and all youth and young adults.To access the agenda, visit:http://ow.ly/YHB6Z."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, February 24, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an Executive Order to ensure that minority and women entrepreneurs are afforded fair and equitable opportunities when competing for City contracts. Mayor Walsh also released the City of Boston Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, which focuses on programs, policies and initiatives that have been initiated or carried out by the Walsh Administration to address racial and economic disparities in the City of Boston. ""As Boston expands its footprint in the global economy, we are using the tools at our disposal to ensure that everyone in our city is included in this growth,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ensuring equal access across all modes of local government is more than a moral imperative-it is just the right thing to do. We must address economic inequities and build for a stronger and healthier Boston-a City that provides the same ladder of opportunity for all.""ThisExecutive Ordersets spending goals for minority and women owned businesses competing for contracts in construction, architecture and engineering and professional services. Additionally, the City will provide training and assistance to minority and women owned enterprises to encourage successful bidding and performance on City contracts.The first in a series of policies targeting procurement reform, this order also paves the way for a new disparity study to analyze racial, ethnic and gender bias in City procurement. The study is expected to launch by the end of this year and will lead to the further examination of policies and goals that encourage the use of minority and women owned businesses.The ""Equity and Inclusion Agenda"" offers a public baseline for tracking and contextualizing work across multiple departments and serving multiple constituencies.The Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda outlines four major themes:It serves as a roadmap of the many program offerings that are available to the public through City departments, ranging from education, to public safety and economic development.Each theme in the Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda is also supported by My Brother's Keeper (MBK) recommendations currently underway, as a follow up to the release of the2015 MBK Boston Recommendations Report. President Barack Obama launched MBK nationally two years ago, and Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston was one of the first cities to take the MBK Community Challenge to improve life outcomes for Black and Latino boys and young men and all youth and young adults.To access the agenda, visit:http://ow.ly/YHB6Z."
When it comes to web design, everyone likes to talk about the flashy new look and adjustments to user experience. Today, were going to talk about a much less sexy  and definitely more nerdy  aspect of web development: content management systems.The Museum of Fine Arts website is one of more than a million sites that run on Drupal.A content management system allows people who dont necessarily have technical skills to update and edit a website. Popular systems used these days includeSquarespaceandWordpress. The system for our current site was great at one point, but now its just really old. Among the many issues, were lacking even a basic spell checker. There also isnt an easy way to design pages for smartphones. The experience is frustrating for anyone trying to use it.With the newBoston.gov, we wanted something that was adaptable and user friendly, something that will allow us to evolve as our constituents needs and expectations change. For that reason  among others  we choseDrupal.More than 1 million sites run on Drupal, includingIKEA,Virgin,NBC, theNew England Patriots, theMuseum of Fine Arts, and big government websites like theWhite House.Drupal is open source, so you can download and get started for free. Were only paying for implementation and hosting costs, not for the actual software. In that way, Drupalis cost effective,saving us money now and in the future.By picking a system that is open source, were not exactly breaking ground. Modern web design thrives on free, open source software and Drupal has a robust ecosystem of developers. We dont know what were going to need next month, next year, or in the next decade, but the contributions of this large developer community keep Drupals tools fresh and relevant. We also connect the City to a bigger network of developers, which we hope will help with hiring in the future.With Drupal, we can also build a content management system thats easy to use. The City has a Digital Team focused on Boston.gov, but we have departments across City Hall that have their corners of the site to update. These workers are content experts for their departments, so its imperative that we get their contributions to the site. Drupals intuitive layout will help those who arent as well-versed in web technology keep that content updated.Drupal gives us the power to keep up with an evolving tech landscape. Weve discussed theimportance of mobile responsivenessbefore, but only a decade ago, no one knew that mobile web design would become a top priority. We cant predict what the future will hold for web design and what your needs will be as a resident. But, with Drupal, well have a better chance to adapt.
The Boston Public Library celebrates the first anniversary of Phase One of the Central Library Renovation this month. It opened its doors to the new second floor of the Johnson building at the Central Library in Copley Square in February 2015. In the past year, 1,290 programs were held at the new Childrens Library and Teen Central, and more than 1.5 million library users visited, checking out over 832,000 items. Phase Two of the $78 million Central Library Renovation is underway now, and is slated to open in summer 2016.This renewed space brings together people from across the City of Boston and around the world to explore, grow, and pursue their dreams, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The completion of the Central Library Renovation this summer will put the Boston Public Library and its staff at the forefront of modern library, public service.The first phase of the renovation brought new life to this floor of the BPLs Johnson building, serving patrons of all ages in new and dynamic ways, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. The completion this summer will bring us full circle as we transform services, spaces and programs, again making Bostons Central Library the place to pursue educational opportunities for generations to come.Our dedicated staff members have been welcoming old and new library users of all ages for the past year and are eager to assist in all areas of service, from technology assistance and research help to reading guidance and accessing archives and special collections in new and innovative ways, said Chief of Public Services Jennifer Inglis.The second phase renovation of the Boston Public Librarys Johnson building in Copley Square will be on the cutting edge of library services, reshaping and redefining the patron experience at a 21st century urban public library. Totaling approximately 110,000 square feet, the second phase renovation includes updates to the lower level, first floor, mezzanine, and the building exterior.The first phase of the renovation, which opened in February 2015, includes a colorful Childrens Library with books and media, early literacy and story time space, a tween corner, and flexible program space Teen Central, a distinctive and media-friendly space with books, digital lab, media lounge, a dedicated quiet zone, and homework and hangout booths refreshed and reorganized nonfiction collections and reference services and an adult reading area and workspace for individuals and groups.This renovation is a City of Boston capital project totaling $78 million. There are approximately $2 million in energy improvements being implemented in the Johnson building at the same time as the renovation project.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
The Boston Public Library celebrates the first anniversary of Phase One of the Central Library Renovation this month. It opened its doors to the new second floor of the Johnson building at the Central Library in Copley Square in February 2015. In the past year, 1,290 programs were held at the new Childrens Library and Teen Central, and more than 1.5 million library users visited, checking out over 832,000 items. Phase Two of the $78 million Central Library Renovation is underway now, and is slated to open in summer 2016.This renewed space brings together people from across the City of Boston and around the world to explore, grow, and pursue their dreams, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The completion of the Central Library Renovation this summer will put the Boston Public Library and its staff at the forefront of modern library, public service.The first phase of the renovation brought new life to this floor of the BPLs Johnson building, serving patrons of all ages in new and dynamic ways, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. The completion this summer will bring us full circle as we transform services, spaces and programs, again making Bostons Central Library the place to pursue educational opportunities for generations to come.Our dedicated staff members have been welcoming old and new library users of all ages for the past year and are eager to assist in all areas of service, from technology assistance and research help to reading guidance and accessing archives and special collections in new and innovative ways, said Chief of Public Services Jennifer Inglis.The second phase renovation of the Boston Public Librarys Johnson building in Copley Square will be on the cutting edge of library services, reshaping and redefining the patron experience at a 21st century urban public library. Totaling approximately 110,000 square feet, the second phase renovation includes updates to the lower level, first floor, mezzanine, and the building exterior.The first phase of the renovation, which opened in February 2015, includes a colorful Childrens Library with books and media, early literacy and story time space, a tween corner, and flexible program space Teen Central, a distinctive and media-friendly space with books, digital lab, media lounge, a dedicated quiet zone, and homework and hangout booths refreshed and reorganized nonfiction collections and reference services and an adult reading area and workspace for individuals and groups.This renovation is a City of Boston capital project totaling $78 million. There are approximately $2 million in energy improvements being implemented in the Johnson building at the same time as the renovation project.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City has selectedGreen Riveras the vendor to create a new Coordinated Access platform to streamline Boston's approach to helping homeless individuals access housing and services. This technology is a key deliverable on the Walsh Administration'sAction Plan To End Chronic Homelessness Among Individuals in Boston.The federal government defines a person experiencing chronic homelessness as an individual with a disabling condition who has been continuously homeless for a year or more, or has had at least four episodes of homelessness in the past three years.Green River, a technology firm based in Brattleboro, VT and Cambridge, MA, has been tasked with building a web-based application that will provide a unified site where housing providers can share available opportunities, such as housing units, programs, and vouchers, and will enable housing navigators to easily suggest and communicate those opportunities to homeless individuals. The company was selected from a pool of nine potential providers who responded to a competitive Request for Proposals (RFP) issued by the City in November.""Boston has a phenomenal network of providers, staffed by hardworking people who dedicate their lives to our city, and now we have the opportunity to build on their work to better serve Boston's homeless individuals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Launching this new, innovative system will give us another tool to reach our goal to end chronic homelessness by the end of 2018.""""Green River is honored to be a part of Boston's revolutionary effort to redefine homelessness as something other than a state of being,"" said Michael Knapp, CEO of Green River. ""This project is so clearly in line with our desire to use technology to make effective, positive change in the world. We look forward to using our software development and analytics expertise to help Boston end chronic homelessness.""Currently, subsidized housing resources and data about Boston's homeless individuals are scattered across many different agencies and systems, and the process to access this information can be difficult to navigate. The new system will be designed to be simple to use, and will integrate these disparate data sources and resources. The Coordinated Access System (CAS) will provide an easy-to-use interface for housing providers and staff to input information about available housing units and assistance programs. By streamlining information in a way that accounts for the unique needs and vulnerabilities of homeless individuals, the new system will make it possible for people with the highest barriers to stability to find housing with the appropriate supports much more efficiently. The CAS will include a tool for housing navigators to match at-risk and chronically homeless people with well-matched housing options. In addition, the platform will have a mechanism to notify caseworkers, providers, and clients which options have been suggested and a simple means for those offers to be accepted or rejected.To ensure the system works as productively as possible, Green River staff, including user experience designers, interface developers, and systems engineers, will collaborate closely with the Boston providers and City of Boston staff to understand their workflows and processes, and to iteratively design and fine tune the critical aspects of the application.A pilot iteration of the application is expected to launch in April 2016, with continued refinements to the tool to follow."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the launch of the second Public Space Invitational, a civic design competition that aims to reimagine our public spaces in Boston.""This competition serves as a great opportunity for Boston's talented and creative community to show us how we can use pilot projects to improve the functionality and attraction to our public spaces,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are always looking for new ways to provide great city services and engage members of the public, and through this competition, we are building on our mission to create thriving, healthy, and innovative civic spaces across our city."" The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, in partnership with the Boston Art Commission and the City's Streets cabinet, are asking teams of designers, artists and engineers to submit ideas on how to make civic space, infrastructure, or civic processes more inviting, functional and fun. Up to five projects will be selected and winning teams will have up to $9,500 for construction and implementation of their projects. Submissions will be accepted throughApril 10, 2016. The application is availablehere.This year's Public Space Invitational features three challenges: an analog challenge, a digital challenge and a bonus challenge.In 2014, Mayor Walsh announced nine winners of the City's first-ever Public Space Invitational, which resulted in projects that brought a tidal vibraphone to the Congress Street bridge, provided pop-up learning opportunities for residents, and activated the mezzanine of City Hall with brightly colored skateboard tape.The Public Space Invitational is part of a continuing series of efforts to engage Boston's creative community. For more information on the initiative, please visitspace.newurbanmechanics.org, join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #BostonPSI, or watch this promotionalvideo.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. About the Boston Art CommissionFirst assembled in 1890, the Boston Art Commission advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. About the Streets CabinetThe Streets cabinet includes the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments. Together, they plan, design, build and manage Boston's 800 miles of City streets."
As we continue working towards the Imagine Boston 2030 Strategic Vision Plan release in Summer 2016, we are relying on continued input from residents to guide areas for preservation, enhancement, and growth and to prioritize strategies to create jobs, improve housing options, mitigate the impacts of climate change, and address issues of racial and economic equity. We want to hear from everyone, so we are rolling out a number of new ways to engage over the next several months.How can you get involved? Join us at one of our upcoming events:Prefer to engage digitally or on your own time? There are a number of different ways you can share your feedback on how and where Boston should preserve, enhance and grow between now and 2030:
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston and the Metro Boston HomelandSecurityRegion (MBHSR) have received $17.7 million in grant funding from the U.S. Department of Homeland Securitythrough theUrbanAreaSecurityInitiative(UASI) grant program. ""I am extremely proud of the strong partnership between the City of Boston and the Department of HomelandSecurity,"" said Mayor Walsh.""I'm grateful for Secretary Johnson's continued support of our world-class City, and a special thanks to our Massachusetts delegation -- Senators Warren and Markey, Congressman Lynch and Capuano - who have been incredibly supportive during the process. The City of Boston has always placed a premium on the safety and security of our first responders, and this grant funding provides critical resources and ensures long term resiliency."" The Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM) is the agency responsible for ensuring the City has plans to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from all types of emergencies and disasters. During emergencies, OEM operates the Emergency Operation Center (EOC) where City agencies gather to share critical information and coordinate response for managing an incident. OEM is also entrusted with managing homelandsecurityfunding for the entire MBHSR region comprised of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Quincy, Revere, Somerville and Winthrop.  ""Whether natural or man-made, emergencies can happen anytime. This funding allows us to enhance the capabilities of our first responders, ensuring they are trained and prepared for any potential emergency or disaster,"" said Rene Fielding, OEM Director. ""The program will also support efforts to work with Boston's surrounding communities in preparing for emergencies."" Past funding has supportedinitiativesin communications interoperability by providing the capability to allow first responders to clearly and seamlessly communicate with one another and in runningUrbanShield Boston, the largest first responder exercise conducted in New England and the cornerstone of the MBHSR training and exercise program.UrbanShield Boston was last held in May 2014 and involved approximately 2,000 emergency response personnel from more than 50 local, state and federal agencies. The goal ofUrbanShield is to test and evaluate specific public safety capabilities that have been developed, or enhanced, with the investment of funds received through theUASIgrant program. UASIprogram funding addresses the unique multi-disciplinary planning, organization, equipment, training and exercise needs of high-threat, high-densityurbanareas, and assists them in building capabilities to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from threats or acts of terrorism. The City of Boston was designated as anUASIsite in 2003. To receive emergency notifications from OEM by phone, email or text sign up for an AlertBoston account atwww.cityofboston.gov/oem/alertboston. To learn more about the Office of Emergency Management, visitwww.boston.gov/oemor follow@oembostonon Twitter. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that William Morales has been appointed Commissioner of the Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), which provides vital resources to Bostons youth and senior populations.William has worked tirelessly for over 20 years to make sure Bostons children and teenagers are getting the care, attention and services they need every day, said Mayor Walsh. His commitment to his community is astounding, and his strong leadership and compassion for all residents, from our youth to our elders, will continue to benefit the people of the City of Boston. I welcome him to our team and look forward to working together for the future of our City.In his role as Commissioner, Morales will serve within Mayor Walshs Health and Human Services Cabinet and will oversee many of the key functions and programs of BCYF, including an array of out-of-school-time programs, elderly and family-centered programs, recreational activities, youth violence prevention and intervention efforts that connect at-risk youth to services and youth employment opportunities. BCYF is in every neighborhood in the city, and Morales will be responsible for coordinating cross-site programming between the centers that serve residents of all ages and circumstances.As a native of Boston who personally saw and felt remarkable change in my community thanks to youth-driven programs and institutions, I am honored to have been named as Commissioner of BCYF, said Morales. The youth and families of Boston are incredibly important, and I will do my best to serve their needs and interests in any way I can.Morales is currently the Executive Director of the historic Boston YMCA Achievers Branch of the YMCA of Greater Boston, and has oversight of the Egleston Square Youth Teen Center. He oversees the continued growth of both programs, which addresses the comprehensive needs of teens within Roxbury and surrounding communities by offering a wide variety of programming, including discussion groups, sports, recreation, arts, and educational enrichment opportunities, to prepare teens to transition into college and successful careers pathways.During his tenure at the YMCA, Will was instrumental in advocating for older active adults (seniors) and he helped secure resources for the Roxbury YMCA Seniors on the Move program.The YMCA applauds Mayor Walshs appointment of YMCA leader Will Morales, said James Morton, President and CEO of the YMCA of Greater Boston. Wills deep understanding and concern for Bostons people and neighborhoods will ensure that he puts people first as the leader of BCYF.A native of Roxbury, William has a longstanding passion for serving the Boston youth community he is also a local youth trauma responder working at times with the Boston Police Department, and the BCYF Streetworkers to address area violence. William previously worked as the Senior Director at Wheelock College where he founded the Office of Community Partnerships & Programs, he also served as the Chief Operations Officer of Youth Enrichment Services.Additionally, Chris Byner will serve as Deputy Commissioner of Programming of BCYF and Michael Sulpriziowill serve as Deputy Commissioner of Operations and Finance.""I have worked with Will on many different projects over the years and I am so excited to have him join our team at BCYF,"" said Chris Byner, Interim Executive Director of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF). ""He will be an invaluable asset in guiding BCYF in our critical efforts to support Boston's children and families.""Morales graduated from Springfield College with a B.S. in criminal justice and currently working towards attaining his M.B.A in management from Cambridge College. Morales is expected to begin on Monday, March 7th, 2016."
Boston Public Library locations throughout the system are celebrating Library Lovers Month with a public art project, asking library users of all ages to fill out paper hearts with the reasons they love their library. Unique collages of the hearts will then be displayed at each location for public viewing. At the Central Library in Copley Square the hearts will be posted in the temporary 20-foot pedestrian pathway at the entrance to the Johnson building, currently being used while the building is under construction. Boston Public Library will accept heart submissions through February 29.The BPL provides endless opportunities for learning and new experiences to Boston residents in all of our neighborhoods thats why I love the library, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I encouragelibrary users to share their stories and support such an important resource.We would love to hear from everyone by telling us what they love and why, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. This should be fun and informative, providing a new way to interact with patrons, and will give us valuable feedback on resources and programs that are especially meaningful.Patrons are encouraged to grab a heart from a circulation desk, fill in their reason for loving the library, and drop it in the Valentines Day box. For those who cant make it to the Central Library or one of the 24 branches to fill out a heart, the public is encouraged to tweet to@bplbostonusing #LibraryLoversMonth. The BPL will be taking the Twitter suggestions and posting them at the Central Library. In addition, at the end of the month, theBPL Facebook pagewill host a competition between the 24 branches, and have the public vote on which branch display is their favorite. The staff at the winning branch will receive a special gift.Reasons to love the library (all are free)!About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Citing an increase in traffic-related fatalities and severe injuries, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today urged people who drive, walk and bicycle in the City of Boston to stay safe by paying attention to the rules of the road and being aware of others who are also traveling on local streets.""With a recent uptick in traffic-related injuries, it is critically important that people be very careful and obey the rules of the road to keep not only yourself but your fellow travelers safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our top priority is ensuring the safety of our residents, but we need the public's support to help us eliminate all traffic-related fatalities on our streets. I thank the members of the Vision Zero Task Force for their work in identifying opportunities to improve roadway safety and I look forward to implementing the next steps in the Vision Zero Action Plan to create safer streets across our city."" Last spring the City of Boston adopted Vision Zero, a national movement with a goal of eliminating traffic fatalities and severe injuries from crashes. A Task Force was appointed that includes representatives from relevant city agencies and advocacy groups. In December, the Task Force released a detailedVision Zero Action Planthat in part outlines two major initiatives:The Task Force also formed a Rapid Response Team that is quickly responding to serious crash locations to analyze the cause and gain insight to take correction. In addition, WalkBoston, in partnership with the Elderly Commission, recently received funding from Tufts Health Plan Foundation to implement ""Safe Routes for Seniors,"" a project with the goal of supporting safe walking for older adults. As outlined in the Vision Zero Action Plan, an educational campaign is currently being developed. The campaign will strive to reach a broad population, including the 100,000 older adults living in Boston. This will work to further the city's commitment to making Boston a more age-friendly city by fostering an environment where everyone feels safe to walk in Boston, regardless of age or ability.""Making Boston a safe place to walk is key to the City's equitable access to opportunity, to long-term economic vitality, to fighting climate change and creating a resilient city, and to making Boston a great place to live, work and play,"" said Wendy Landman, Executive Director of WalkBoston. ""We are pleased to be working with the City of Boston and state agencies on this very important issue."" According to Vision Zero, all drivers should know that driving over 25 mph greatly increases their chance of killing or severely injuring a person if they hit them, and it makes it less likely that they will see someone about to walk in the street. Traffic crashes do more than hurt those physically impacted. Like suicides, homicides, drug overdoses and other preventable tragedies, traffic crashes are traumatic experiences that have lasting impact on the people involved, as well as their families, witnesses and members of the community where a crash occurs. When a serious traffic crash takes place locally, the City of Boston has resources available to support people, including trauma specialists with the Boston Public Health Commission and staff from the Elderly Commission who help people to make sense of what happened and begin to heal. Last month, Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the Vision Zero Boston Safety Concerns Map,an online tool that allows people to identify locations where they have concerns about transportation safety. Boston residents and visitors are encouraged to visitvisionzeroboston.org/input, select the location of their concern, and add it to the map. People can also enter additional comments to concerns that were reported by others.Mayor Walsh also announced that the City of Boston was recently chosen as one of ten cities selected by the National Vision Zero Network to participate in their new Focus Cities Program. The selection was based on the effort that the City of Boston has put into working toward the goals of Vision Zero and the progress that has been made toward maximizing safety on Boston's streets. Please visitwww.visionzeroboston.orgto get involved and learn more about the City of Boston's commitment to traffic safety. "
"With cold weather and below-freezing wind chills forecast throughMonday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to take precautions to stay safe. Forecasters are predicting a low of negative 4 degreeson Saturday, and negative 2 degreeson Sunday.Residents are encouraged to check on the well-being of elderly or disabled neighbors, be mindful of homeless individuals that may need assistance, and practice caution when using portable heating devices such as space heaters. Residents are also encouraged to sign up for notifications fromAlertBoston, the city's notification system,and to call 311, download the BOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns.For additional information on how to stay safe this winter,visitcityofboston.gov/coldand follow@CityOfBostonon Twitter.""Extremely low temperatures present challenges for our City and our residents, andwe are working to monitor the situation and keep all our residents safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I ask each and every single Boston resident to stay safe and to look after their neighbors.""  Preventing Hypothermia and FrostbiteDress for the Weather:Wear several layers of loose-fitting, lightweight, warm clothing rather than one layer of heavy clothing.Outer garments should be tightly woven and water repellent.Wear mittens over gloves, layering works for your hands as well.Always wear a hat and cover your mouth with a scarf to protect your lungs. Dress children warmly and set reasonable time limits on outdoor play.Restrict infants' outdoor exposure when it is colder than 40 degrees Fahrenheit.Watch for signs of frostbite:These include loss of feeling and white or pale appearance in extremities such as fingers, toes, ear lobes, and the tip of the nose.If symptoms are detected, get medical help immediately.Watch for signs of hypothermia:These include uncontrollable shivering, memory loss, disorientation, incoherence, slurred speech, drowsiness and apparent exhaustion.If you or someone you know shows any of these symptoms, get in touch with a healthcare provider immediately. If symptoms are severe, call 911.Heating SafetyNever try to heat your home using a charcoal or gas grill, the kitchen stove, or other product not specifically designed as a heater as these can cause a fire or produce dangerous levels of carbon monoxide very quickly. Using faulty or improper heating sources is the number two cause of home fires in Massachusetts.Have your heating system cleaned and checked annually.Install and maintain smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors on every level of your home. Carbon monoxide (CO) is an invisible gas produced whenever any fuel is burned, such as near oil or gas furnaces, water heaters, fireplaces, stoves, and some space heaters. It has no smell, taste, or color. It is a poison and is deadly.Emergency Shelter OperationsThe Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) coordinates a city-wide network of emergency shelters, outreach providers, city agencies and first responders to assist those in need of shelter. Emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need.Winter overflow shelters were opened in Decembermen can access shelters through112 SouthamptonStreet, and women should go to the Woods-Mullen Shelter at 794 Massachusetts Ave.BPHC and the City are working closely with shelter providers to ensure that no client is without shelter, food, resources, and a warm respite from the cold.BPHC and EMS are working with several other community partners to to actively seek out individuals and help them find shelter and provide food, clothing, blankets, medical assistance to those in need.During extreme cold weather, street outreach teams operate with extended hours and provide mobile outreach vans on the streets two hours earlier in the evening and throughout the day. If you see a person in need of shelter or who is not properly dress for the cold, please call 911.Heat Guidelines for Property Owners and TenantsIn accordance with the Massachusetts State Sanitary Code, the heating season officially begins onSeptember 15and runs throughJune 15.Property owners must heat habitable spaces at a minimum temperature of 68between7 a.m.to11:00 p.m. and 64 between11:01 p.m. to 6:59 a.m.In case of emergency, property owners are encouraged to keep a list of licensed contractors (electrician, plumber and general contractor) on file. Tenants, experiencing problems with their heating system should check the thermostat, ensuring the dial is turned on, and report insufficient or no heat problems to the property owner or manager immediately.If your landlord or property manager is unresponsive, contact the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) at(617) 635-5300to file a complaint, or call 311. Tips property owners can take to make their homes energy efficient:Disconnect water hose from the home.Wrap or cover exposed spigot.Caulk or putty windows.Ensure kitchen and bathroom dampers close properly.Close all storm windows and doors.Apply weather stripping.Properly insulate all pipes that are exposed.Cover vents.Emergency OperationsThe City of Boston Office of Emergency Management (OEM) remains in constant contact with the National Weather Service to receive detailed forecasts for the City of Boston and ensures each City department has a plan in place to handle the forecast. If the storm warrants, the City's Emergency Operations Center will be activated and City representatives will coordinate response and recovery efforts.Year round, OEM conducts preparedness seminars to educate the public on the importance of having an emergency preparedness plan and a bag of emergency supplies in the event that Boston residents have to shelter in place or leave their residence.As the City is notified in advance, residents who sign up for notifications will receive a message from the City about winter storms and extreme cold weather. This notification system also handles alerting residents when a snow emergency/parking ban is in effect and when it is being lifted."
The Berthold Akzidenz Grotesk typeface is used only for our logo.When the Citys Digital Team and global design firm IDEO thought about what colors to use for Boston.gov, we wanted to honor Bostons past while acknowledging how far this progressive city has come. Our color palette is a mix of reds, whites, and blues, all contrasted with a modern gray.The sites primary colors Freedom Trail Red, Charles Blue, Optimistic Blue,and Snow Whitedrive the personality of the site and direct users to important notifications and moments of functionality.The main colors that make up the redesigned Boston.gov.Snow White, which is the canvas color for the site, acts as a grounding mechanism for our content. Freedom Trail Red, inspired by the brick-red color of Bostons Freedom Trail, is meant to draw your attention and is used for extremely important links and buttons. The dark color Charles Blue is for when we want to look more official. Optimistic Blue can inject warmth into our layouts (and can be a little less official).There are three typefaces that make up the fonts of Boston.gov, and they each have their own story.Berthold Akzidenz Grotesk, with origins dating back to as early as 1880, commands authority and attention. This typeface is used only for our logo. You can see an example of it at the top of this post.Lora, a contemporary serif developed by Cyreal with roots in calligraphy, will be used across the site.Montserrat, developed by Julieta Ulanovsky, appears strong and official, but the sturdy sans-serif typeface has a few quirks that give it a friendliness.As we continue to develop and build out Boston.gov, were always keeping in mind that our goal is to create a more personal experience. We hope our balanced mix of colors and typefaces helps us deliver that official but human tone.
"Citing an increase in traffic-related fatalities and severe injuries, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today urged people who drive, walk and bicycle in the City of Boston to stay safe by paying attention to the rules of the road and being aware of others who are also traveling on local streets.""With a recent uptick in traffic-related injuries, it is critically important that people be very careful and obey the rules of the road to keep not only yourself but your fellow travelers safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our top priority is ensuring the safety of our residents, but we need the public's support to help us eliminate all traffic-related fatalities on our streets. I thank the members of the Vision Zero Task Force for their work in identifying opportunities to improve roadway safety and I look forward to implementing the next steps in the Vision Zero Action Plan to create safer streets across our city."" Last spring the City of Boston adopted Vision Zero, a national movement with a goal of eliminating traffic fatalities and severe injuries from crashes. A Task Force was appointed that includes representatives from relevant city agencies and advocacy groups. In December, the Task Force released a detailedVision Zero Action Planthat in part outlines two major initiatives:The Task Force also formed a Rapid Response Team that is quickly responding to serious crash locations to analyze the cause and gain insight to take correction. In addition, WalkBoston, in partnership with the Elderly Commission, recently received funding from Tufts Health Plan Foundation to implement ""Safe Routes for Seniors,"" a project with the goal of supporting safe walking for older adults. As outlined in the Vision Zero Action Plan, an educational campaign is currently being developed. The campaign will strive to reach a broad population, including the 100,000 older adults living in Boston. This will work to further the city's commitment to making Boston a more age-friendly city by fostering an environment where everyone feels safe to walk in Boston, regardless of age or ability.""Making Boston a safe place to walk is key to the City's equitable access to opportunity, to long-term economic vitality, to fighting climate change and creating a resilient city, and to making Boston a great place to live, work and play,"" said Wendy Landman, Executive Director of WalkBoston. ""We are pleased to be working with the City of Boston and state agencies on this very important issue."" According to Vision Zero, all drivers should know that driving over 25 mph greatly increases their chance of killing or severely injuring a person if they hit them, and it makes it less likely that they will see someone about to walk in the street. Traffic crashes do more than hurt those physically impacted. Like suicides, homicides, drug overdoses and other preventable tragedies, traffic crashes are traumatic experiences that have lasting impact on the people involved, as well as their families, witnesses and members of the community where a crash occurs. When a serious traffic crash takes place locally, the City of Boston has resources available to support people, including trauma specialists with the Boston Public Health Commission and staff from the Elderly Commission who help people to make sense of what happened and begin to heal. Last month, Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the Vision Zero Boston Safety Concerns Map,an online tool that allows people to identify locations where they have concerns about transportation safety. Boston residents and visitors are encouraged to visitvisionzeroboston.org/input, select the location of their concern, and add it to the map. People can also enter additional comments to concerns that were reported by others.Mayor Walsh also announced that the City of Boston was recently chosen as one of ten cities selected by the National Vision Zero Network to participate in their new Focus Cities Program. The selection was based on the effort that the City of Boston has put into working toward the goals of Vision Zero and the progress that has been made toward maximizing safety on Boston's streets. Please visitvisionzeroboston.orgto get involved and learn more about the City of Boston's commitment to traffic safety. Vision Zero Boston is an early action item of Go Boston 2030, the City of Boston's citywide transportation plan for the next 5, 10 and 15 years. Using an unprecedented public engagement process, the Boston Transportation Department, in collaboration with other government agencies and stakeholders, is using data gained through the Go Boston 2030 process to identify and implement improvements designed to provide a strong, comprehensive transportation system that will serve the City of Boston well into the future. You can learn more about Go Boston 2030 online."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Vice-Mayor of Lyon, France Karine Dognin-Sauze to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between the cities of Lyon and Boston. They were joined by the Ambassador of France to the US Grard Araud. The MOU commits both parties to fostering economic development, innovation, entrepreneurship, sustainable development, culture, tourism, and quality education to its residents.Were honored that Lyon has become a growing partner to the City of Boston. Our partnership will continue to expand upon economic, social, cultural and environmental goals that mutually benefit both cities, said Mayor Walsh. ""In order to be competitive in an increasingly global economy, we must strengthen our partnerships with cities around the world that share our goals.""Thereis a natural partnership between Boston and Lyon, as both cities are committed to innovation and entrepreneurship,"" said Karine Dognin-Sauze, Vice Mayor of the City of Lyon.""I am very glad to witness the development of relationships between Lyon and Boston, said Ambassador of France to the US Grard Araud. This MOU, aiming at fostering structured collaborations in innovation, transportation, and culture, is the result of several high-level exchanges between the two cities for the past years. Both share the same passion for entrepreneurship and excellence in biotechnologies, clean technologies, and robotics, and I really wish them the best for their future collaboration.""The MOU calls for both cities to identify opportunities to generate new initiatives to further nurture economic, social, cultural and environmental based relationships, as well as:Lyon is Frances second-largest city and a major banking and industrial center for chemical, pharmaceutical, biotech, and software companies.On Tuesday, Mayor Walsh welcomed a visiting delegation of 20 entrepreneurs, government, and industry leaders to Big Boosters week-long boot camp program in Boston, a program initiated by Lyon in collaboration with Boston.Boston and Lyon continue to celebrate and promote innovation across the two partnering cities and this agreement further solidifies that effort. More information about Boston, Lyon and the Big Booster program can be found, here:http://ow.ly/Y8vPN.MOU (English Version)MOU (French Version)"
"The City of Boston in partnership with Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) released theBoston Community Energy Study(BCES) today. The study is a starting point to help Boston stakeholders better understand the potential for community energy solutions and identifies specific project opportunities to reduce costs, greenhouse gas emissions and make Boston's energy system more resilient. The study was a collaborative effort with the MIT School of Architecture and Planning's Sustainable Design Lab, MIT Lincoln Laboratory, Google's Project Sunroof and Eversource. Funding and technical support was provided from the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center along with funding from the Barr Foundation, the US Department of Energy and the US Department Homeland Security. ""We see great potential in community energy solutions to provide low-cost and cleaner energy while also improving resiliency,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This study is a critical step in understanding the benefits of these new approaches and laying out a roadmap to engage the many important stakeholders in the City of Boston."" To further help communities pursue potential projects identified in the study, the City will be able to arrange technical assistance through a partnership with the US Department of Energy (DOE) called the Climate Action Champions program. Through the program, the City will be able to connect property owners with experts that perform no-cost feasibility studies for combined heat and power for district energy loops and microgrids. ""Community energy solutions such as targeted energy efficiency, district energy, microgrids, local energy generation and energy storage represent an opportunity to fundamentally change the way our energy system works,"" added Austin Blackmon, Chief of Energy, Environment, and Open Space for Boston, ""but to get there we need a better understanding of the existing system and a way to identify the most promising solutions."" In order to understand the potential for these types of solutions, the City needed much more precise data on how energy is consumed in the City. However, gathering data for every building's energy consumption for each hour of the day all year long would be a prohibitive task. Therefore, the City turned toMIT's Sustainable Design Labto build a first of its kind energy model for the City.Eversourcefurthered this effort by providing energy-use data that was used to calibrate the model.""The City of Boston rightfully understands the potential of community energy systems and the daunting task of assembling enough data to assess the best approaches,"" said Christoph Reinhart, Associate Professor at the Sustainable Design Lab and one of the authors of the report. ""To solve this problem, we built a first of its kind model that allows us to simulate the energy consumption of every building in the City."" Once the City had the baseline findings from the MIT model and calibrated it with data from Eversource, the next challenge was to understand what kind of solutions would be appropriate based on the energy consumption patterns that they discovered. To do this, the City turned to researchers atMIT Lincoln Laboratory, who used a software model called Distributed Energy Resources Customer Adoption Model (DER-CAM), developed to evaluate similar energy solutions for military bases. The Laboratory ran several different scenarios, some looking at maximizing the reduction of costs and others at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. ""We were able to help the City understand the viability of different solutions in driving down costs and emissions,"" said Eric Limpaecher, Assistant Group Leader of the Energy Systems Group MIT Lincoln Laboratory and another one of the authors of the report. ""From this analysis, the City has now identified 42 different ""hot spots"" that represent the most viable opportunities for deployment of new community energy systems."" Using simulations and parameters from the MIT model, the BRA Research Division further evaluated the potential costs and benefits of the community energy solutions under the two scenarios: One for maximizing reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and the other to maximize costs savings. For each scenario MIT's LL provided upfront capital and long-term maintenance costs, which were compared to the reduced energy costs and GHG emissions benefits for residential, commercial and municipal consumers. The potential total benefits for both consumers and the City-at-large for the two scenarios ranged between $600 million and $1.7 billion over the 25 year analysis period. While more complete analysis is needed and much remains to be learned, the initial indicators are very positive. The City also wanted to take a closer look at the potential to deploy solar energy through a new approach called Community Solar, where consumers without the appropriate space to site a system can get access to solar energy through a shared community system. To do this, the City turned to Google's Project Sunroof. ""Community Solar is an emerging business model for larger solar installations,"" said Carl Elkin, Engineering Lead for Project Sunroof. ""Google Project Sunroof leveraged their rooftop-solar potential data set to show BRA where community-scale solar installations are most feasible."" ""Identifying proper locations for clean community energy systems can help communities meet clean energy, resiliency and energy cost savings goals,"" said MassCEC Interim CEO Stephen Pike. ""We are proud to support the City of Boston's innovative approach to mapping these opportunities, as it will provide lessons for municipalities around the Commonwealth."" Looking forward, the City plans to convene relevant stakeholders for the most promising projects that are identified in the study to discuss their viability and potential implementation. ""The successful deployment of these new approaches will require the input of a wide range of stakeholders from consumers and utilities to technology companies and community leaders,"" said Brian Golden, Director of the BRA, ""and we plan to act as a convener to bring all the players together."" "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched 'Neat Streets,' an interactive public space installation, which aims to deter littering behaviors among residents and visitors who smoke cigarettes.Boston is a beautiful city, but to keep it that way we must all do our part to keep our streets clean, said Mayor Walsh. This smart and innovative effort incorporates a public polling process to engage our residents and visitors in protecting our environment.Modeled after a similar initiative in London, the Neat Streets initiative is aimed at decreasing litter on the streets in an interactive manner. One facet of the initiative is the cigarette butt receptacle, which prompts smokers to dispose their cigarette in a slot on a board by voting for the question being posed at the top of the board. For example, ""More essential Boston winter gear? Hats or boots?"" Residents and visitors are encouraged to submit questions to@CityofBostonon Twitter, using hashtags #NeatStreets or #NeatStreetsBos, through March.Cigarette butt receptacles will be located throughout the city at locations chosen based on maximum foot traffic. Neat Streets will be installed by the end of February.danger!awesome, a makerspace, helped in tailoring the boxes for Boston streets.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, smoking remains the leading cause of preventable death and disease in the United States, killing more than 480,000 Americans each year. Smoking causes immediate damage, which can lead to long-term health problems.The Boston Public Health Commission offers online resources and features a number of programs that offer convenient, low-cost tobacco treatments to help with cessation. For more information, visit:http://ow.ly/Y8z02."
"In partnership with MassChallenge and the City of Lyon, France, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today welcomed a visiting delegation of 20 entrepreneurs, government and industry leaders to Boston for Big Booster's week-long boot camp program, in the City of Boston, to accelerate innovation for technology startups globally. Big Booster, launched in April 2015, is the first non-profit, international accelerator program between Boston and Lyon, France. In addition to this week's boot camp activities for participating entrepreneurs, Mayor Walsh and Vice-Mayor of Lyon Karine Dognin-Sauze, together will sign a Memorandum of Understanding, in the presence of the Ambassador of France to the US Grard Araud, the first between the two cities to build upon shared opportunities in Boston and Lyon.""We're thrilled these entrepreneurs are coming to the City of Boston to learn, grow and showcase their talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This Big Booster boot camp is a testament of Boston's standing as a hub of innovation. We're honored that Lyon has become a thoughtful and strong global neighbor in these efforts. Our growing economic partnership with Lyon continues to foster innovative collaboration and entrepreneurship that supports local and global talent, generating creativity in Boston and internationally.""""There is a natural partnership between Boston and Lyon, as both cities are committed to innovation and entrepreneurship,"" said Karine Dognin-Sauze, Vice President and Deputy Mayor of the City of Lyon."" ""The Big Booster boot camp at MassChallenge is an exciting celebration of our bilateral collaboration and an important milestone in continued exchange between these two strategic hubs.""Throughout the week, 20 entrepreneurs from Europe, Middle East and Africa are participating in the Big Booster boot camp supported by more than 30 industry and government leaders (see below for a complete list of boot camp startup participants). Big Booster focuses especially on entrepreneurship in health, digital, and environment and sustainability.Following Big Booster's official launch in April 2015, Lyon hosted the first boot camp in October 2015 which included 72 quarterfinalists. From the beginning, the Big Booster program has been advised by MassChallenge, the most startup-friendly accelerator on the planet, which is headquartered in Boston.""We are so pleased to host and train promising startups from Lyon at MassChallenge and make stronger connections between the two ecosystems through entrepreneurship,"" said Mike LaRhette, President of MassChallenge.Boston and Lyon continue to celebrate and promote innovation across the two partnering cities. France is Massachusetts' X global trading partner. Boston is home to a number of companies with locations also in Lyon includingDassault Systmes, Sanofi-Genzyme, Veolia, Schneider Electric, Keolis, and Institut Merieux.Big Booster has forged a strong partnership across both cities, especially in support of the life science, digital, cleantech and energy, security and defense, and robotics, all key industries in Boston and Lyon. To learn more about Big Booster, visitwww.bigbooster.org.The MassChallenge-Lyon 2016 Boot Camp Startup Participants are as follows:BIOSFER TESLAB SLBio & Healthwww.biosferteslab.comBiosfer Teslab, a spin-off company that develops in vitro diagnostic tests providing the clinicians an innovative tool to better evaluate the cardiovascular risk.        BREEZOMETEREnvironmentwww.breezometer.comBreezoMeter's mission is to help cities to improve the health and quality of life of their citizens, by controlling air quality. CYLEONEEnvironmentwww.cyleone.frCyleone provides its users the means to address actual environmental and climate related challenges with efficient and cost effective solutions thanks to CYManager and CYbox. DIABELOOPBio & Healthwww.diabeloop.frArtificial Pancreas service for Diabetes treatment. We will save lives, amputations, ocular and renal complications, and radically improve everyday life for the patients.ECHYGlobal Impactwww.echy.frECHY is a French start-up company with a patented daylighting technology, which captures, transports and diffuses sunlight into buildings using fibre optic cables.ENOVAPInnovative Techwww.enovap.comEnovap is a revolutionary smart and connected e-cigarette that makes you quit smoking. INNAVIRVAXBio & Healthwww.innavirvax.frInnaVirVax is a clinical stage company developing an immunotherapy that is going to change the paradigm of HIV therapy. IZICREAInnovative Techwww.izicrea.comIZICREA develops an electronic device and an online platform to help couture lovers and designers of patterns simplify and quicken the use of models and generate interaction. MAAT PHARMABio & Healthwww.maatpharma.comMaaT Pharma (for Microbiota as a Therapy) is proposing a new medical paradigm by developing a series of microbial drugs aiming at restoring the man-microbes symbiosis. MARIOWAY SLBio & Healthwww.marioway.comAdvanced manufacturing of a unique ergonomic, verticalizing, hands-free and electric-propelled wheelchair with researched design for disabled and able-bodied persons. METAFORA BIOSYSTEMSBio & Healthwww.metafora-biosystems.comMETAFORA biosystems is developing a breakthrough technology platform for the diagnostic of human diseases. METAdiag, the future in metabolism discovery.NEOLYS DIAGNOSTICSBio & Healthwww.neolysdiagnostics.comNeolys Diagnostics develops a decision-making tool to radiation oncologists, allowing them to personalise the treatment: avoiding side effect improving the efficacy.NOVADISCOVERYBio & Healthwww.novadiscovery.comNovadiscovery ambitions to develop a best-in-class drug discovery engine in the field of immuno-oncology based on a proprietary computational biology simulation platform. SMART & BLUEInnovative Techwww.hydrao.comSmart & Blue company is developing connected solutions for smart management of water resources. Our first product is Hydrao the smart shower. SPIKE-XBio & Healthwww.spike-x.tnExpanding Possibilities. TILKEEInnovative Techwww.tilkee.comTilkee is a cloud based app that optimizes prospect follow-up by tracking business proposal and predicting sales. UCONEKT INC.Innovative Techwww.uConekt.comOur vision is to provide secure cyber solutions to everyday problems and challenges. We want to make every day better by making technology easy, relevant and available. WEEN SASInnovative Techwww.ween.frThe world's first geo-driven smart thermostat that drives significant energy savings in real-time."
The ads invite people to use our text message survey tool to share their thoughts on the future of the City anytime, from anywhere.To participate, simply text the letter of your top choice from the below list in response to, How can we house Bostons current and growing population? to 617-855-6415:Dont want to text? You can learn about the many other ways to engage with us, including sharing your vision for Boston onTwitter,Instagram, orFacebookand tagging @ImagineBos.
"This program will allow new Boston residents or a resident moving to a new neighborhood the opportunity to meet one on one in their new neighborhood with a staff member from the Mayor's City Hall to Go team.""The City of Boston has many great resources available to residents, and through the City Hall to Go truck we are able to bring these services directly to people in the neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the new Boston 1ON1 initiative, our hope is that by having in-person conversations with new residents, we are able to make people feel welcome in their new neighborhood and provide them with the services they need to get acquainted in their new home.""This meeting will serve as a one stop shop for new residents to take care of their City related business and learn about their new neighborhood.Examples of the services that can be conducted during the meeting include:To sign up for a one on one meeting please visithttp://cityhalltogo.weebly.com.Meetings will take place at different locations throughout the City including libraries, community centers and local coffee shops.About City Hall to GoFor many residents, traveling downtown to City Hall can be a long way to go. Boston is, after all, a city that stretches across nearly 50 square miles. Many people need a personal interaction to get direct services, ask a question or get information, so Boston takes City Hall to them. Some services City Hall to Go offers include, applying for resident parking stickers, paying/appealing parking tickets, paying taxes, and more. You can find the complete list of services as well as the schedule of where City Hall to Go will be, athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) will offer free beginner swim lessons for Boston adults and children age 4 and older during February school vacation week.BCYFs free swim lessons will help children and adults become safe and confident around water and eager to continue to participate in aquatics programs?,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We're pleased to offer this programming and encourage Boston families to take full advantage of these offerings.""?BCYF Swim for Safety will be offered at 13 BCYF pools listed below and includes 4 free lessons. Visit Boston.Gov/BCYF for more information.BCYF Blackstone Community Center, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Charlestown Community Center 617-635-5169BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center, Jamaica Plain, 617-635-5193BCYF Draper Pool, West Roxbury, 617-635-5021BCYF Flaherty Pool, Roslindale, 617-635-5181BCYF Hennigan Community Center, Jamaica Plain, 617-635-5198BCYF Holland Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5144BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Mason Pool, Roxbury, 617-635-5241BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Pool, East Boston, 617-635-1410BCYF Perkins Community Center, Dorchester, 617-635-5146BCYF Quincy Community Center, Chinatown, 617-635-5129Sign up to learn how to swim today! To see what else is happening at BCYF over February school vacation week, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF and click on the February school vacation week schedule."
On the left, you can see the clunky layout of our current site on a smartphone. The Boston.gov pilot site (right) is much more mobile friendly.Yes, we know the current City website looks terrible on your smartphone.The homepage features tiny text with not a lot of options. If you want to get something done, you usually need to visit the full desktop site and practice your pinch-and-zoom skills.We also know that were behind the times. Most websites are built with mobile users in mind, and with good reason. For many, accessing the Internet through a smartphone is a first option for some, its their only option. A newPew Research Center studyfound that more and more Americans are relying on their smartphones to get to the Internet.Today smartphone adoption has reached parity with home broadband adoption (68% of Americans now report that they own a smartphone), and 13% of Americans are smartphone-only  up from 8% in 2013, the report said.In addition to being an issue of digital equity and improving user experience, Google startedde-prioritizing pagesthat arent mobile-friendly in their search results last year.With all that in mind, the Digital Team wanted to make sure we finally created an optimized site that looked great on all screen sizes. The GIF at the top of this post helps illustrate the difference by comparing our current mobile site against the layout of pilot.boston.gov.We hope a better experience continues to satisfy the needs of those who want or need to get to the site from a mobile device. Our mobile-friendly layout is a core part of our design for the new Boston.gov, and its also a primary concern when we create anything for the Citys constituents.
"Mayor Martin J. Walshannounced today that the City of Boston is launching Boston PayTix, a new app that allows for quick, convenient and secure parking ticket payments by smartphone. The app also provides parking ticket payment reminders and alerts to help motor vehicle owners avoid late fees, a feature for users to maintain an online list of their personal parking ticket history and an option to look up their unpaid parking tickets. The free Boston PayTix app is being introduced as a joint collaboration between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Department of Innovation and Technology and the Boston Transportation Department in partnership with Xerox.""The new PayTix app is another example of how we're using technology to make city government more efficient and effective for the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've seen through other city initiatives, such as ParkBoston and 311, that mobile apps are a great tool and we look forward to continue finding new ways to utilize technology to improve basic city services.""""Like the new smart meters being installed on local streets to replace our inventory of outdated parking meters, PayTix is a good example of how current technology is being used to improve customer service and enhance our parking management system in Boston,""said Gina Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department.Over the past year, through another partnership with TicketZen, the City saw a steady increase of parking violations being paid with the mobile app. The proof-of-concept project for mobile parking ticket payment with TicketZen showed the demand from users to continue this service, with over 2,100 ticket payment transactions a month through the app. TicketZen made a business decision to focus on other products at the conclusion of the pilot with the City in November.""While it's never fun to pay a parking ticket, we want to make sure that every digital interaction with the City of Boston is friendly, convenient, and fast,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""PayTix joins BOS:311, Trash Day, and ParkBoston as essential mobile apps for people who live or work in Boston.""""We were thankful to work with a local start-up in TicketZen over the past year, and learned a great deal about the demand for these types of services available on mobile devices,"" said Kris Carter of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""We are excited to launch the next generation of this service in the Boston PayTix app, just one of the digital tools making life easier for both visitors and residents.""Boston PayTix is available to smartphone users at the App Store and Google Play. When a City of Boston parking ticket is received, users should use their phone to scan the barcode, enter their payment information and press the submit button. Parking ticket numbers may also be entered manually. If your ticket has not yet been entered into the City of Boston's parking management system, Boston PayTix will forward you an automatic reminder to check the ticket availability at a later time. Personal credit card information is not stored using Boston PayTix and security safeguards are in place.For technical support or feedback, residents and visitors should contactpaytixsupport@xerox.com.Residents and visitors with questions or comments regarding City of Boston parking tickets should contact the City of Boston Office of the Parking Clerk at617-635-4410or visitcityofboston.gov/DoIT/apps/paytixto learn more about the app."
"In partnership with ArtsBoston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will host a series of free events to celebrate Black History Month, which will start with the Black History Month Kick-Off Celebration onTuesday, February 2nd at 12:00PMin Boston City Hall on the 3rd floor mezzanine. ""In the City of Boston, we celebrate our diversity and history,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This month marks a time to reflect and honor all of those who came before us and sacrificed their lives to uplift the Black community in this City and across the nation. Although, February is Black History Month, heritage should be celebrated year-round. I encourage all residents to attend the events we have planned. It'll be a great time to come together and celebrate our vibrant community."" In addition to the City of Boston event series, Boston's arts and cultural community honors Black History Month by elevating narratives of racial identity and cultural equity. Performances includeAn Octoroon,2014 Obie Award winner for Best New American PlaybyBranden Jacobs-Jenkinsand co-presented by Company One Theatre and ArtsEmerson. PlaywrightKirsten Greenidge has two new productions on stage includingthe world premiere of Baltimorepresented byBoston Center for American PerformanceandNew Repertory Theatre, andMilk Like Sugarpresented by Huntington Theatre Company. In addition,Black history in Boston is represented on the African American Patriots Tour presented by The Freedom Trail Foundation, which showcases tales of bravery by black Bostonians such as Crispus Attucks, Peter Salem and poet Phillis Wheatley.A full listing of Black History Month events, including descriptions, locations and how to get tickets can be foundatCalendar.ArtsBoston.org/BlackBoston. ""Participating in Boston's arts and cultural experiences - during Black History Month and throughout the year - enables us all to better understand our world from diverse perspectives and shines a spotlight on the historical significance, innovation and creativity happening right here at home,"" said Catherine Peterson, Executive Director of ArtsBoston. Black History Kick-Off with Mayor Walsh and FriendsTuesday, February 2, 2016, 12:00PMBoston City Hall, 3rd Floor Mezzanine, Downtown Boston Community Conversation: Triumphs and Challenges of Black BostonThursday, February 11, 2016, 5:30PMBCYF Tobin Community Center Community Room, lower level 1481 Tremont Street, Roxbury Movie Night: Celebrating Black Film HistoryWednesday, February 17, 2016, 5:30PMBCYF Centers: Tobin, Mildred, Charlestown and Roslindale Commission of Elderly Affairs Black History Month LuncheonThursday, February 25, 2016, 11:00AMPrince Hall, 24 Washington Street, Dorchester Black History Month Social: Celebrating ArtworkFriday, February 26, 2016, 5:30PMGrand Circle Travel, 347 Congress Street, Downtown Boston This event series is hosted in collaboration by ArtsBoston, Boston Centers for Youth & Families, the City of Boston Elections Department, and the Mayor's Offices of Diversity, Women's Advancement, Health and Human Services, Fair Housing & Equity and Arts & Culture.For more information on all events or to purchase tickets, visitCalendar.ArtsBoston.org/BlackBoston. Submit your event here to have it included on the website for Black History Month:calendar.artsboston.org/login/. To join the celebration on social media, use #BlackHistoryBos.  About ArtsBostonCelebrating its 40th anniversary in 2015, ArtsBoston is a nonprofit arts service organization with a mission to support and grow the arts and cultural sector of Greater Boston. In support of our 175 member organizations and reaching over 1 million arts consumers, we provide vital research and audience building programs that encourage participation in arts and culture, stimulate demand and raise attendance. ArtsBoston is a two-time recipient (2001 and 2015) of the Massachusetts Cultural Council Commonwealth Award - the state's highest honor for the arts. www.ArtsBoston.org"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has signed a Surrounding Community Agreement with Wynn Resorts that includes $68 million in mitigation funds, $20 million annually for local businesses over a 15-year period, and a potential opportunity to create public open space in Charlestown. This agreement represents the largest community benefit to date offered by Wynn Resorts or the Massachusetts Gaming Commission to the City of Boston.The Surrounding Community Agreement was negotiated directly between Mayor Walsh and Wynn Resorts Chairman & CEO Steve Wynn.""Our efforts over the past two years have been to protect the people of Boston and ensure the neighborhood of Charlestown is treated fairly,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Residents have been trying for years for a solution for traffic congestion in Sullivan Square and Rutherford Avenue, and we must work together to improve local transportation infrastructure. I offered to keep an open line of communication throughout this process and I thank Steve Wynn for coming back to the table to listen to Boston's needs.""The agreement includes:The agreement states further commitments by Wynn Resorts for traffic improvements, including Transportation Demand Management measures, a transportation monitoring program and additional mitigation measures if operational deficiencies are revealed.In addition, Wynn Resorts has agreed to work with the City of Boston to explore moving the Boston Water and Sewer Commission's Materials Handling Facility with the goal of creating public open space along the waterfront in Charlestown. To access the agreement, please click the following links: Pages 1-3Pages 4-5Pages 6-8Pages 9-10Pages 11-12"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a set of recommendations made by his Late Night Task Force to help foster and grow a safe and vibrant late night culture in the City of Boston. The task force, which formally concluded its work in 2015, was comprised of a diverse group of students, restaurants and bar owners, law enforcement and business leaders from across the city.""In the City of Boston we have an opportunity to create the kind of nightlife that visitors expect in a world-class city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank all the members of the task force who came together over the course of several months to help us think about how to make Boston a more exciting and engaging place to live, work and play. I look forward to further exploring these recommendations to make Boston even more enjoyable for everyone.""""The MRA applauds the efforts of the Mayor and the City of Boston in moving forward these initiatives,"" said Bob Luz, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association. ""Common sense approaches, such as allowing small operators to serve food after10PMand removing unnecessary regulations on downtown operators will continue to make Boston flourish. All neighborhoods of Boston benefit from increased restaurant vibrancy and occupancy. When the Mayor was first elected, he pledged to streamline the regulatory process and he has delivered on that promise.""Recommendations include:The Late Night Task Force was established in May 2014 with the goal of examining business districts and neighborhoods that are favorable for later closing hours public safety requirements of expanded late night hours existing liquor license restrictions entertainment license expansion late night transportation access and how to effectively launch the expanded services. Rory Cuddyer, former Advisor to the Mayor's Chief of Staff and current startup manager, and John Fitzgerald, Deputy Director of Imagine Boston 2030, served as co-chairs of the task force, along with 24 individuals who were appointed by the Mayor."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, January 27, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a set of recommendations made by his Late Night Task Force to help foster and grow a safe and vibrant late night culture in the City of Boston. The task force, which formally concluded its work in 2015, was comprised of a diverse group of students, restaurants and bar owners, law enforcement and business leaders from across the city.""In the City of Boston we have an opportunity to create the kind of nightlife that visitors expect in a world-class city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank all the members of the task force who came together over the course of several months to help us think about how to make Boston a more exciting and engaging place to live, work and play. I look forward to further exploring these recommendations to make Boston even more enjoyable for everyone.""""The MRA applauds the efforts of the Mayor and the City of Boston in moving forward these initiatives,"" said Bob Luz, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association. ""Common sense approaches, such as allowing small operators to serve food after10PMand removing unnecessary regulations on downtown operators will continue to make Boston flourish. All neighborhoods of Boston benefit from increased restaurant vibrancy and occupancy. When the Mayor was first elected, he pledged to streamline the regulatory process and he has delivered on that promise.""Recommendations include:The Late Night Task Force was established in May 2014 with the goal of examining business districts and neighborhoods that are favorable for later closing hours public safety requirements of expanded late night hours existing liquor license restrictions entertainment license expansion late night transportation access and how to effectively launch the expanded services. Rory Cuddyer, former Advisor to the Mayor's Chief of Staff and current startup manager, and John Fitzgerald, Deputy Director of Imagine Boston 2030, served as co-chairs of the task force, along with 24 individuals who were appointed by the Mayor."
The exhibitionLiterary Landscapes: Maps from Fictionopens at the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library on Monday, February 2, and runs through October 25. The exhibition, curated by Stephanie Cyr and Lauren Chen, examines the many types of maps that accompany works of fiction and features items from the 16thcentury to the present day.Literary Landscapesis for readers and map lovers of all ages and stages, said Stephanie Cyr. The collection of maps and books in the exhibition offers a creative and fun look into the relationship between literature and placemaking.In this exhibition of 40 items, visitors will discover maps from a variety of fictional genres, learn how authors create imaginary worlds, and appreciate why descriptive geography is essential to a story. People and creatures, even those who exist only in tales, are related to place, and maps of their imaginary worlds allow readers to be transported into the geography of fantasy. Maps of imaginary places have accompanied literature for centuries, as visualizing the fanciful worlds described in works of fiction sets the stage for events taking place in a story and often provides insight into the characters themselves.The exhibition examines maps from geographical fiction, which often combine elements from the natural and cultural world. Maps from stories which take place in the real world, like the mysteries of Sherlock Holmes, are included, along with those from works of action and adventure. In addition, the visitor will encounter maps of locations to which characters travel in works of fantasy, such as Neverland fromPeter Panand the Lands Beyond fromThe Phantom Tollbooth. Maps from childrens tales include an exceptional panoramic map focusing on fairy stories. Maps of alternate worlds featured in works of high fantasy are included, as well as those illustrating lands in dystopian futures and maps created to convey moral convictions. Visitors will encounter lands from the Lord of the Rings trilogy by J. R. R. Tolkien, Game of Thrones series by George R. R. Martin, and a map of Panem based on Suzanne CollinsTheHunger Games.TheLeventhal Map Centeris located in the Central Library in Copley Square, 700 Boylston Street. It is open Monday  Thursday: 10 a.m.  7 p.m. Friday and Saturday: 10 a.m.  5 p.m. and Sunday: 1 5 p.m. The best entrance to use is the Dartmouth Street entrance via the McKim building, which faces Copley Square.About theNORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTERThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps at maps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.AboutBOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.Image: Detail fromAn Anciente Mappe of Fairyland Newly Discovered and Set Forthby Bernard Sleigh. London, 1917.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that architectural lighting will be installed at City Hall to highlight and enhance the building's original design, building on the Walsh Administration's goals to liven up City Hall Plaza and create a safer area for pedestrians. ""We are committed to creating a welcoming, lively City Hall Plaza, and installing new lights will make the plaza safer while connecting us to Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The lighting restores the outside of City Hall to its original design and the LED technology will help us meet our sustainability goals."" The lighting will highlight the original tripartite design of City Hall, which organized the building into three parts - the public spaces: the lower levels that house public transaction areas the symbolic spaces: the middle sections that house the governmental offices of the Mayor and the City Council and the administrative spaces, the crown of the building, that house the administrative functions of government. New high-efficiency LED fixtures will replace the original exterior recessed lighting fixtures to illuminate the lower levels and highlight the entrances. Other fixtures, intended to wash the building with light, will be hidden behind existing structures and attached to new light poles, which will be coordinated with the new MBTA light poles. The new fixtures will wash the building in a warm white light, and also have the capability of projecting a wide-range of color options which will allow the City to light the building to acknowledge a variety of civic and celebratory events. The new exterior lighting will allow for better security lighting, and will allow for the flood lights and associated conduit that has been added to the building over the years to be removed in its entirety. The lighting will be sustainable by replacing the existing Metal Halide fixtures with LED technology that has a 20 year life span. The current fixtures have a four year life span and have never been replaced. The project is coordinating with Eversource on an energy incentive program for a grant of approximately $76,000. The new fixtures are also more energy efficient than the Metal Halide fixtures and the existing Flood Lights. Cost savings are expected to be in the range of 300,000 kWh saved per year. Arcade lights will also be retrofitted to complement the City Hall lighting. Both will be operated by the same controller and will be able to be coordinated. The lighting is very flexible, so future building or plaza renovations can utilize the new lighting. ""City Hall's powerful forms and evocative spaces represent Boston's faith in its citizens and their government. It was always meant to evolve so it could meet changing needs and incorporate contemporary technologies,"" said David Eisen AIA, Boston Society of Architects (BSA) vice president for communication. ""We're delighted to see the city reaching out to the public with new ways of thinking about this--and other--civic places and spaces. Lighting will help this bold piece of architecture to engage the urban landscape around it."" The 1968 'Heroic' style City Hall Building is a pending Landmark therefore the Boston Landmarks Commission is reviewing thisillumination plan and other future improvement plans. Project will be bid onFebruary 12th, construction is anticipated to start in April and be completed by the end of summer 2016. "
"Jack Nicholson's character Jack Torrance met his demise in a snow-covered maze in ""The Shining.""The City's Digital Team has already asked you to give us feedback onour pilot siteand on how best we shouldcategorize our new Topic pages. Now were asking for your input on a critical component of the new Boston.gov: the navigation and menus.We've all been there, stumbling through web pages and sub-navigations like Jack Nicholson in a hedge maze. Our old website was certainly no exception and has possibly been the cause of some hatchet swinging.On the pilot site, weve shown you a very simple version of our navigation and menus, but as weve told you before,our system is vast. The current City website has 10,000 URLs, 8,300 PDFs, and uses nearly one million words. Now that were building out the new Boston.gov, we want to cut down on what we dont need and figure out the most useful way to organize the Citys content.Please complete this quick surveyand give us your opinion. You will be asked a series of questions and shown screenshots of the new Boston.gov. The questions will all ask the same basic idea: if you were searching for something on the new site, where would you click?A large part of our development process involves hearing what you think and building based on your input. We appreciateyou taking the time to give us your feedback. It ensures the new Boston.gov will be centered around residents'needs,and won't leave anyone out in the cold."
Our Street Team will be visiting various locations throughout Boston in February and March, setting up interactive activities to engage members of the public who live, work, and play in Boston. These activities will get people talking about issues that matter to them and what they would like to see addressed in the citywide plan.Our ideal candidates would be:The most important qualification for street team members is being personable and enthusiasticexperience in urban planning is not necessary. Training will be provided, as well as an orientation to get you up to speed on all things Imagine Boston 2030. This is a paid contract position and can be full or part-time, depending on your schedule. Bilingual candidates (Spanish, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean Creole, Chinese or Vietnamese) are preferred.Interested? Please email your resume tojake.hasson@boston.govwith the subject line Street Team.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday chaired the first meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayor's Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services Task Force. The meeting was held as part of the 84th Annual Winter Meeting, taking place in Washington D.C.""This will be a different kind of task force,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Addressing substance abuse is something that we, as mayors, have a responsibility to do, not just in terms of treatment and prevention, but as a mechanism for improving the way our constituents live. We need to incorporate aspects of tackling substance abuse into all functions of city government, from public health, to public works, from outreach and recovery to operations and resources."" Wednesday'sinaugural meeting focused on identifying effective tools for addressing the national substance abuse epidemic. By addressing three key pieces- substance abuse, treatment, and recovery services, the Task Force hopes to collaborate across cities on ways to reduce substance abuse, increase access to and improve treatment and recovery services. According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more people died from drug overdose in the United States in 2014 than during any previous year on record, with substantial increases in opioid overdose deaths. In 2014, opioid overdose deaths hit record levels with an alarming 14% year-over-year increase. In addition to an increase in opioid-related overdoses and fatalities, alcohol abuse continues to be a serious problem, in Boston, and around the country.Mayor Walsh highlighted much of the work that the City of Boston has undertaken to address the opioid crisis. From ensuring all first responders carry Narcan to partnering with the Blue Cross/Blue Shield Foundation to conduct a thorough analysis of the scope of Boston's substance abuse addiction problem and using the recommendations from that year-long process to open the first municipal Office of Recovery Services in the country, aiming to address the many challenges caused by substance abuse. Attending mayors from around the country shared needs and best practices, and thanked Mayor Walsh for chairing the Task Force. Guest speakers at the Task Force meeting included Mary Lou Leary, Deputy Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) and Tom Coderre, Senior Advisor to the Administrator of Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). In opening the Task Force meeting, Mayor Walsh addressed the topic of substance abuse as not just a drug and alcohol-related issue, but one that impacts all aspects of city life. The Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services Task Force was created in September 2015. Mayor Walsh was named Chair of the U.S. Conference of Mayor's Task Force on Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services by U.S. Conference of Mayors President, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore, citing his knowledge of and commitment to addressing the issue of substance abuse. In May, the City of Boston released a report on the current status of substance abuse and addiction to serve as a road map for the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. The Office of Recovery Services works to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services, help families and those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources, and work with City Departments, community partners and the recovery community to support a comprehensive response to the issue of substance abuse. As part of Mayor Walsh's participation in the U.S. Conference of Mayors winter meeting,on Thursdayhe joined Kansas City Mayor Sly James and Mayor Ashley Swearengin of the City of Fresno, California to participate in a press briefing held by Josh Earnest, Press Secretary for President Obama."
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the City of Boston is currently accepting applications from residents to serve as members on the Disability Commission Advisory Board in City Hall.The Disability Commission Advisory Board is made up of nine members who inform and advise the City Administration on policies and procedures that impact persons with disabilities. Their goal is to help improve access and inclusion of persons with disabilities who live, work, visit, and commute to Boston.Members are appointed by the Mayor to serve in a volunteer capacity for a term of three years. All applicants must be residents of the City of Boston, have a disability or family member who is disabled, and commit to attending monthly meetings. Applications are now being accepted from individuals who reflect the diversity of Bostons neighborhoods, cultures, and abilities.Letters of interest are due byMarch 1, 2015, and should include a resume if possible. Please send all information by email to the attention of: Kristen McCosh, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities,kristen.mccosh@boston.govor by mail to: Mayors Commission for Persons with Disabilities, One City Hall Square, Room 967, Boston, MA 02201.Any questions can be directed to Kristen McCosh as well atkristen.mccosh@boston.govor by phone at617-635-3682. For more information on membership, please visit our website at:www.cityofboston.gov/disability/commission.asp.
In this national historic landmark and one of the top concert halls in the world, Mayor Walsh once again reinforced his commitment to the arts by announcing a million-dollar investment in Bostons artists.We know that Boston is a culturally-vibrant city. Many artists come here to learn and train, attending the outstanding institutions such as Massachusetts College of Art and Design, the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Berklee College of Music, the New England Conservatory and many others. Yet it can be challenging for artists to find housing, sustainable sources of funding and places to showcase their work. We have heard this repeatedly during the cultural planning process.We also heard how strongly Boston believes in the power of arts to transform a city. This belief is echoed by Mayor Walsh and he is committed to seeing Boston viewed as a municipal arts leader. Hes backing up this commitment with the Mayors Million Dollar Investment in Artists, three new programs to help Bostons artists.First, Mayor Walsh committed $400,000 for direct artist grants. This will be a competitive grant process for artists living in Boston and the funds will be available in a variety of programs. The guidelines for the grants will be announced in the coming months. To stay up-to-date, sign up for our mailing listhereSecond, Mayor Walsh has committed $100,000 to creating the Boston Artist Resource Desk at City Hall, staffed by a full time Boston Artist Resource Director. The director will serve as a liaison between artists and arts producers and City Hall, helping with permitting, licensing, housing and other functions. The office will serve as an aggregator for grant opportunities and will assist in the creation of a professional development program as well as establishing partnerships with other city departments.Finally, building on the success of Bostons Artist-in-Residence program announced last year, Mayor Walsh has committed $500,000 to expand the program to 10-12 Boston Centers for Youth and Families. Artists will be in residence in the BCYF centers to work with both the staff and clients to develop programs and to support creative problem solving, helping to transform the work and impact of the centers as well as the help in the implementation of other government practices and policies at the centers.Boston Creates, the cultural planning process, is ongoing. We are looking forward to sharing the draft plan with you in March. But as the planning process continues, the work to elevate arts and culture in Boston continues. We cant wait to get started on these new programs.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh tonight delivered his second State of the City address at Symphony Hall. In his address, the Mayor discussed his administration's accomplishments over the past year working to create a thriving, healthy and inclusive Boston, and how we will further those goals by:Mayor Martin J. WalshState of the City AddressJanuary 19, 2016As prepared for deliveryI'd like to start by thanking the military veterans here tonight, for your service to our country. And to the Gold Star families joining us: We honor you, we honor your loved ones. Would all the veterans and Gold Star families, please stand or raise your hand to be recognized.GovernorBaker and Constitutional officers President Rosenberg, SpeakerDeLeo, and members of the Legislature the Boston City Council and our federal delegation clergy and community leaders: welcome.To my mother Mary and my brother John, to Lorrie and Lauren, and my entire family: thank you for your love and support.And to everyone in Symphony Halltonightor watching at home, good evening. I'm heretonightto report that the City of Boston is as strong as it has ever been.A year ago I stood on this stage and invited you to help build a thriving, healthy, and innovative future for our city. We are creating that vision together, in Imagine Boston 2030, our first citywide plan in 50 years. And we are making it a reality, by achieving the goals we set last year.In 2015:Make no mistake, the year brought challenges. It began with nearly 10 feet of snow. From the North End to Brighton to Hyde Park, we shoveled. We scraped. We salted. And we shoveled some more. But despite nearly $40 million in plowing costs, we worked with the City Council to end the year with our budget surplus intact and perfect bond ratings adding millions of dollars to invest in parks, schools, and senior housing.I want to thank all 18,000 employees of the City of Boston, along with the businesses, nonprofits, and workers, the students and teachers, the immigrants and entrepreneurs, the dreamers and the doers, the young and the old, who make our city great.I'm so proud of the work we did together. I've been in this job for 2 years now. But every morning I get up and I feel like my dream came true all over again. A kid from Dorchester, who made some mistakes and needed some help, gets to be mayor of the greatest city in the world.I think of how far I've come, and the people who helped me, and I'm grateful. I think of people I meet all across our city, who share their hopes and dreams with me, and I am inspired.But I also think about the people I meet who are struggling. I think about Brianna and her two children. I met them at the Table of Friends Thanksgiving dinner at the TD Garden. They were hoping for a hot meal, but dreaming of a real home and a better life. And they weren't the only ones. No matter what progress we made the day before, or the year before, our work isn't done. Not even close.But I have faith. I have faith that in Boston we have the talent, and we have the heart, to keep doing that work until we are a city where every family can make a home, every kid gets a strong start in school, and every adult has a fair chance to build a career. That's the vision, and that's the work, I recommit myself to, every day.Tonight, as I discuss our plans for the coming year, I ask everyone to join me: to commit to each other that we'll work together, we'll build our dreams together, and we'll leave no one behind. This is the vision of community that Boston, at its best, has always been about. It's how we've made history. And it's how we'll make the future as well.This is why I look forward to welcoming General Electric to its new global headquarters in Boston. GE is not only a historic innovator, returning to the city where Thomas Edison got his start. It's not only another step forward for Boston on the world stage. It's a magnet for talent and investment that we'll direct toward our shared goals: in opportunity, in community, in education.That's the future I'm focused ontonight, and every day. And if you look around Symphony Hall, you'll see that future: hundreds of students from the Boston Public Schools are here. I invited them, because they need to be part of the conversation about the direction their city is heading. And when it comes to our schools, they deserve to know that their Mayor stands behind them.I want to address them directly: I know how hard you work. I know the challenges you face. I was a struggling student in this city once, as were many of the adults in this room. We don't need you to be perfect. We need you to keep learning, and keep believing in your dreams. The rest is on us. You deserve a community united behind you.That's why I want you and everyone to know: the Boston Public Schools are my priority. A year ago, I said, despite our many bright spots, I was not satisfied with our system's performance. So we went to work.Our students are making us proud. Fourth and 8thgraders reached new heights on national reading tests. Tenth-grade MCAS scores went up, and achievement gaps shrank. I want to recognize exceptional achievements at Perkins Elementary in South Boston and English High in Jamaica Plain. And I want to congratulate all our students and all our teachers for your hard work.Student success goes deeper than what we can measure in the classroom. The students heretonightshow why. Take Kalsie King, a senior at the John D. O'Bryant High School. She runs a clothing drive for fellow students, in memory of the year her mother spent homeless.That's the kind of character and heart we have in our schools. They are why we set our sights high and keep our eyes on the prize: to end achievement gaps, to make every school a success story, and to create a national model for across-the-board excellence in urban education.Reaching that goal will take hard work, and more. It will require a unified effort. That's why the conversation around our schools concerns me. Instead of unity, too often we've seen schools pitted against one another, by adults.Tonight, I'm calling on everyone to come together to back all our children, all our teachers, and all our schools. That means fair and sustainable funding for both district and charter schools. It means exploring a unified enrollment system that could help families and level the playing field among schools. This spring we will deepen the enrollment conversation, to address challenges in special education, language services, discipline policies, and transportation.I know that passions run deep. And they should. But the commitment we share to Boston's children runs deeper. We have tremendous opportunities to come together right now, behind programs that experts, teachers, and parents all agree make a lasting difference.That's why I invite everyone to join me in making a stand for early education. The Boston Public Schools pre-kindergarten program is proven to close the achievement gap. The city has added seats in each of the last two years. Yet hundreds of children still sit on waiting lists, their parents frustrated and already doubting that the system will ever work for them.We've stretched funding as far as it will go. And we are not alone. I ask leadership at the State House, and every legislator, to work with Boston, with Lawrence, with Salem, with Attleboro and other cities and towns to expand access to high-quality pre-kindergarten.I know we share this priority. Now let's fund it. Let's work through the state budget process this year to make it a full investment in our children, our families, and our Commonwealth's future. Let's live up to our reputation as the world leader in learning. Let's put Boston and Massachusetts at the forefront of early education. And let's give all our kids an equal chance at success.As Bostonians share their hopes with me, they also share their challenges. More often than not, housing is at the top of the list. Graduates in Allston, families in East Boston, seniors in Roslindale: people are struggling to pay rents and find homes they can afford.We've worked relentlessly to meet the demand that's driving this pressure. We're not letting up. Recently we strengthened one of our most successful policies: inclusionary development. You can see its impact in places like the Hong Lok House in Chinatown, which kept longtime residents in their neighborhood. The new policy will bring more affordable homes where they are needed most. And it will spur middle-class housing across the city.New homes will help bring costs back to working people's budgets. But many just want a fair deal where they live right now. Last year, we doubled the compensation people get when their apartments are turned into condos. But we should do more than compensate. We should help people stay in their communities.Tonight, I can announce a new Office of Housing Stability, to do just that. It's going to develop resources for tenants, incentives for landlords who do the right thing, and partnerships with developers to keep more of our housing stock affordable.People want to live in Boston. That's a good thing. But we need to shape growth as a community, not let it shape us. That's what residents are doing along the Red Line in South Boston, and the Orange Line in Jamaica Plain.They're helping us plan vibrant, walkable streets, with affordable homes, diverse businesses, and great open space.TonightI can announce two new planning areas: Glover's Corner in Dorchester and Dudley Square in Roxbury.These conversations will unlock the vitality that makes city neighborhoods great. Meanwhile, all across the city Imagine Boston 2030 is rooting our city's planning strategy in these same community visions. So I'm pleased to announce that Imagine Boston director, Sara Myerson, will be the new Planning Director at the Boston Redevelopment Authority.While we plan, we'll invest in quality of life all across our city. Our Parks budget is the biggest in Boston's history. We'vetransformed parks in Mattapan, Charlestown, and East Boston and completed an Open Space Plan for the entire city. This year, we'll convertover 6 acres of land into permanent new parks.I grew up in our parks. I know how much kids and families depend on them. So I was moved when a group of young people came to see me at Ramsay Park in the South End last summer. They told me what it was like to grow up right next door to a park that was too unsafe to use, and how they've been working to fix that. They are heretonight. I'm happy to tell them: because of your advocacy, and with your input, we are going to completely renovate Ramsay Park.We're going to ensure that America's first public parks are America's best, and-inspired by the Martin Richard Playground being built next to the Children's Museum-America's most inclusive public parks as well.We're also deepening our commitment to arts and culture. This summer we'll cap a $78 million investment in the Boston Public Library by unveiling a welcoming new Boylston Street entrance in the Back Bay. We'll also complete Boston Creates, a roadmap for supporting the arts in every neighborhood. And we'll invest $1 million in local artists.As we grow, we have to support the older residents who built this city. I think of Maria Sanchez, who has devoted her life to her neighbors in Mission Hill. Together we celebrated 40 new affordable senior apartments, in a building named in her honor, by the Roxbury Crossing T station. People like Maria are the reason we invested $3 million in senior housing and secured new senior discounts: for water, for cable, and for internet rates.This year we'll go further, by building a plan to make Boston America's most age-friendly city.Workers and employers moving forward together. That's our economic vision, and it's a proven success. What we offered GE was less an incentive package, than a cultural advantage. Innovation. Education. And a community that works and grows together.This creative, collaborative approach defines our growth strategy, not only in attracting new business, but empowering the workers and employers already here.Wherever I go, across the country, I'm asked about policing. That's because at a time of great national tension, we continue to build trust. Our police officers, street workers, and young people are engaging. Working with the Building Trades and others in job-training programs like Operation Exit, we are offering second chances and turning lives around. And we have invited the community to help shape our anti-violence strategy. In Peace Walks, in Social Justice meetings, and in relationships that grow stronger every day, we are coming together.It's making a difference. Boston police officers took nearly 800 guns off the streets last year. Violent crime went down 3%. Property crime went down 10%. All major crime went down by 9%. And homicides hit a 16-year low.All the while, arrests dropped by 15% as well. What that means is we are becoming a safer city not by locking people up, but by lifting people up.In addition, our clearance rate for solving homicides passed 72%, 15 points higher than the national average for cities our size. Our police and our communities are working together. It's not us and them, in Boston. It's We.And We won't let up for a minute. With non-fatal shootings up slightly last year, we can't afford to. It's not just a city problem. It's America's problem. Two weeks ago I went to Washington and stood with the President, as he unveiled new steps to keep guns out of criminal hands. I said there, what I say here: Americans agree on common-sense gun reforms. In Boston, we are showing how to turn consensus into action. So we'll keep working with cities and states, with experts and survivors, with gun dealers and owners. And we'll keep building trust in the community every day.We'll face up to the impact of history, as well. In community conversations on race and class, we are working through divisions that run deep in our city's social fabric. And we are turning this healing into real, measurable change toward a more equitable city. We'll take another step this year by backing the Boston Basics Campaign, a grassroots community movement to close learning gaps from birth to age 3.We are breaking new ground and offering new hope. We are proving that when Boston comes together, when we truly act as one community, we can change our city, and change the world. We've been doing it for a long time. From the first public library to the first Office of Recovery Services, Boston is a city on the cutting edge of the common good. We can do the same for urban education-if we come together. We can do the same for housing, income, and wealth inequality-if we work together.That's what I ask each of us to commit to,tonight. Bring to the table not just our own wants, but a vision for our common welfare. Find common ground, even when we don't agree on everything. Protect what we love about our city by, sometimes, embracing change.Let me introduce you to one more Bostonian who inspired me last year. Donald Wilkins is an Air Force veteran I met in our Homes for the Brave program. It's placed more than 500 veterans in permanent housing. Donald told me how the stigma of homelessness chipped away at his pride. He said our new system-and his new apartment in West Roxbury-was the key to a new life.Donald is with ustonight. It's because of his courage, and the courage of countless veterans like him, that I am so proud to announce: we have ended chronic veterans' homelessness in Boston. And we are working every day to end all chronic homelessness by the year 2018.TonightI've asked Bostonians to come together, and go the extra mile, to make sure our success reaches everyone. I've asked because I know that not just the state of our city, but the soul of our city, is strong. Every day, I see us building our dreams together. Every day, my love of this city, and my belief in this city, grows. We will meet our challenges and keep changing the world. And our future will be greater than any one of us can imagine.Thank you all. May God Bless the City of Boston, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the United States of America.
BOSTON -Tuesday, January 19, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh tonight delivered his second State of the City address at Symphony Hall. In his address, the Mayor discussed his administration's accomplishments over the past year working to create a thriving, healthy and inclusive Boston, and how we will further those goals by:Mayor Martin J. WalshState of the City AddressJanuary 19, 2016As prepared for deliveryI'd like to start by thanking the military veterans here tonight, for your service to our country. And to the Gold Star families joining us: We honor you, we honor your loved ones. Would all the veterans and Gold Star families, please stand or raise your hand to be recognized.GovernorBaker and Constitutional officers President Rosenberg, SpeakerDeLeo, and members of the Legislature the Boston City Council and our federal delegation clergy and community leaders: welcome.To my mother Mary and my brother John, to Lorrie and Lauren, and my entire family: thank you for your love and support.And to everyone in Symphony Halltonightor watching at home, good evening. I'm heretonightto report that the City of Boston is as strong as it has ever been.A year ago I stood on this stage and invited you to help build a thriving, healthy, and innovative future for our city. We are creating that vision together, in Imagine Boston 2030, our first citywide plan in 50 years. And we are making it a reality, by achieving the goals we set last year.In 2015:Make no mistake, the year brought challenges. It began with nearly 10 feet of snow. From the North End to Brighton to Hyde Park, we shoveled. We scraped. We salted. And we shoveled some more. But despite nearly $40 million in plowing costs, we worked with the City Council to end the year with our budget surplus intact and perfect bond ratings adding millions of dollars to invest in parks, schools, and senior housing.I want to thank all 18,000 employees of the City of Boston, along with the businesses, nonprofits, and workers, the students and teachers, the immigrants and entrepreneurs, the dreamers and the doers, the young and the old, who make our city great.I'm so proud of the work we did together. I've been in this job for 2 years now. But every morning I get up and I feel like my dream came true all over again. A kid from Dorchester, who made some mistakes and needed some help, gets to be mayor of the greatest city in the world.I think of how far I've come, and the people who helped me, and I'm grateful. I think of people I meet all across our city, who share their hopes and dreams with me, and I am inspired.But I also think about the people I meet who are struggling. I think about Brianna and her two children. I met them at the Table of Friends Thanksgiving dinner at the TD Garden. They were hoping for a hot meal, but dreaming of a real home and a better life. And they weren't the only ones. No matter what progress we made the day before, or the year before, our work isn't done. Not even close.But I have faith. I have faith that in Boston we have the talent, and we have the heart, to keep doing that work until we are a city where every family can make a home, every kid gets a strong start in school, and every adult has a fair chance to build a career. That's the vision, and that's the work, I recommit myself to, every day.Tonight, as I discuss our plans for the coming year, I ask everyone to join me: to commit to each other that we'll work together, we'll build our dreams together, and we'll leave no one behind. This is the vision of community that Boston, at its best, has always been about. It's how we've made history. And it's how we'll make the future as well.This is why I look forward to welcoming General Electric to its new global headquarters in Boston. GE is not only a historic innovator, returning to the city where Thomas Edison got his start. It's not only another step forward for Boston on the world stage. It's a magnet for talent and investment that we'll direct toward our shared goals: in opportunity, in community, in education.That's the future I'm focused ontonight, and every day. And if you look around Symphony Hall, you'll see that future: hundreds of students from the Boston Public Schools are here. I invited them, because they need to be part of the conversation about the direction their city is heading. And when it comes to our schools, they deserve to know that their Mayor stands behind them.I want to address them directly: I know how hard you work. I know the challenges you face. I was a struggling student in this city once, as were many of the adults in this room. We don't need you to be perfect. We need you to keep learning, and keep believing in your dreams. The rest is on us. You deserve a community united behind you.That's why I want you and everyone to know: the Boston Public Schools are my priority. A year ago, I said, despite our many bright spots, I was not satisfied with our system's performance. So we went to work.Our students are making us proud. Fourth and 8thgraders reached new heights on national reading tests. Tenth-grade MCAS scores went up, and achievement gaps shrank. I want to recognize exceptional achievements at Perkins Elementary in South Boston and English High in Jamaica Plain. And I want to congratulate all our students and all our teachers for your hard work.Student success goes deeper than what we can measure in the classroom. The students heretonightshow why. Take Kalsie King, a senior at the John D. O'Bryant High School. She runs a clothing drive for fellow students, in memory of the year her mother spent homeless.That's the kind of character and heart we have in our schools. They are why we set our sights high and keep our eyes on the prize: to end achievement gaps, to make every school a success story, and to create a national model for across-the-board excellence in urban education.Reaching that goal will take hard work, and more. It will require a unified effort. That's why the conversation around our schools concerns me. Instead of unity, too often we've seen schools pitted against one another, by adults.Tonight, I'm calling on everyone to come together to back all our children, all our teachers, and all our schools. That means fair and sustainable funding for both district and charter schools. It means exploring a unified enrollment system that could help families and level the playing field among schools. This spring we will deepen the enrollment conversation, to address challenges in special education, language services, discipline policies, and transportation.I know that passions run deep. And they should. But the commitment we share to Boston's children runs deeper. We have tremendous opportunities to come together right now, behind programs that experts, teachers, and parents all agree make a lasting difference.That's why I invite everyone to join me in making a stand for early education. The Boston Public Schools pre-kindergarten program is proven to close the achievement gap. The city has added seats in each of the last two years. Yet hundreds of children still sit on waiting lists, their parents frustrated and already doubting that the system will ever work for them.We've stretched funding as far as it will go. And we are not alone. I ask leadership at the State House, and every legislator, to work with Boston, with Lawrence, with Salem, with Attleboro and other cities and towns to expand access to high-quality pre-kindergarten.I know we share this priority. Now let's fund it. Let's work through the state budget process this year to make it a full investment in our children, our families, and our Commonwealth's future. Let's live up to our reputation as the world leader in learning. Let's put Boston and Massachusetts at the forefront of early education. And let's give all our kids an equal chance at success.As Bostonians share their hopes with me, they also share their challenges. More often than not, housing is at the top of the list. Graduates in Allston, families in East Boston, seniors in Roslindale: people are struggling to pay rents and find homes they can afford.We've worked relentlessly to meet the demand that's driving this pressure. We're not letting up. Recently we strengthened one of our most successful policies: inclusionary development. You can see its impact in places like the Hong Lok House in Chinatown, which kept longtime residents in their neighborhood. The new policy will bring more affordable homes where they are needed most. And it will spur middle-class housing across the city.New homes will help bring costs back to working people's budgets. But many just want a fair deal where they live right now. Last year, we doubled the compensation people get when their apartments are turned into condos. But we should do more than compensate. We should help people stay in their communities.Tonight, I can announce a new Office of Housing Stability, to do just that. It's going to develop resources for tenants, incentives for landlords who do the right thing, and partnerships with developers to keep more of our housing stock affordable.People want to live in Boston. That's a good thing. But we need to shape growth as a community, not let it shape us. That's what residents are doing along the Red Line in South Boston, and the Orange Line in Jamaica Plain.They're helping us plan vibrant, walkable streets, with affordable homes, diverse businesses, and great open space.TonightI can announce two new planning areas: Glover's Corner in Dorchester and Dudley Square in Roxbury.These conversations will unlock the vitality that makes city neighborhoods great. Meanwhile, all across the city Imagine Boston 2030 is rooting our city's planning strategy in these same community visions. So I'm pleased to announce that Imagine Boston director, Sara Myerson, will be the new Planning Director at the Boston Redevelopment Authority.While we plan, we'll invest in quality of life all across our city. Our Parks budget is the biggest in Boston's history. We'vetransformed parks in Mattapan, Charlestown, and East Boston and completed an Open Space Plan for the entire city. This year, we'll convertover 6 acres of land into permanent new parks.I grew up in our parks. I know how much kids and families depend on them. So I was moved when a group of young people came to see me at Ramsay Park in the South End last summer. They told me what it was like to grow up right next door to a park that was too unsafe to use, and how they've been working to fix that. They are heretonight. I'm happy to tell them: because of your advocacy, and with your input, we are going to completely renovate Ramsay Park.We're going to ensure that America's first public parks are America's best, and-inspired by the Martin Richard Playground being built next to the Children's Museum-America's most inclusive public parks as well.We're also deepening our commitment to arts and culture. This summer we'll cap a $78 million investment in the Boston Public Library by unveiling a welcoming new Boylston Street entrance in the Back Bay. We'll also complete Boston Creates, a roadmap for supporting the arts in every neighborhood. And we'll invest $1 million in local artists.As we grow, we have to support the older residents who built this city. I think of Maria Sanchez, who has devoted her life to her neighbors in Mission Hill. Together we celebrated 40 new affordable senior apartments, in a building named in her honor, by the Roxbury Crossing T station. People like Maria are the reason we invested $3 million in senior housing and secured new senior discounts: for water, for cable, and for internet rates.This year we'll go further, by building a plan to make Boston America's most age-friendly city.Workers and employers moving forward together. That's our economic vision, and it's a proven success. What we offered GE was less an incentive package, than a cultural advantage. Innovation. Education. And a community that works and grows together.This creative, collaborative approach defines our growth strategy, not only in attracting new business, but empowering the workers and employers already here.Wherever I go, across the country, I'm asked about policing. That's because at a time of great national tension, we continue to build trust. Our police officers, street workers, and young people are engaging. Working with the Building Trades and others in job-training programs like Operation Exit, we are offering second chances and turning lives around. And we have invited the community to help shape our anti-violence strategy. In Peace Walks, in Social Justice meetings, and in relationships that grow stronger every day, we are coming together.It's making a difference. Boston police officers took nearly 800 guns off the streets last year. Violent crime went down 3%. Property crime went down 10%. All major crime went down by 9%. And homicides hit a 16-year low.All the while, arrests dropped by 15% as well. What that means is we are becoming a safer city not by locking people up, but by lifting people up.In addition, our clearance rate for solving homicides passed 72%, 15 points higher than the national average for cities our size. Our police and our communities are working together. It's not us and them, in Boston. It's We.And We won't let up for a minute. With non-fatal shootings up slightly last year, we can't afford to. It's not just a city problem. It's America's problem. Two weeks ago I went to Washington and stood with the President, as he unveiled new steps to keep guns out of criminal hands. I said there, what I say here: Americans agree on common-sense gun reforms. In Boston, we are showing how to turn consensus into action. So we'll keep working with cities and states, with experts and survivors, with gun dealers and owners. And we'll keep building trust in the community every day.We'll face up to the impact of history, as well. In community conversations on race and class, we are working through divisions that run deep in our city's social fabric. And we are turning this healing into real, measurable change toward a more equitable city. We'll take another step this year by backing the Boston Basics Campaign, a grassroots community movement to close learning gaps from birth to age 3.We are breaking new ground and offering new hope. We are proving that when Boston comes together, when we truly act as one community, we can change our city, and change the world. We've been doing it for a long time. From the first public library to the first Office of Recovery Services, Boston is a city on the cutting edge of the common good. We can do the same for urban education-if we come together. We can do the same for housing, income, and wealth inequality-if we work together.That's what I ask each of us to commit to,tonight. Bring to the table not just our own wants, but a vision for our common welfare. Find common ground, even when we don't agree on everything. Protect what we love about our city by, sometimes, embracing change.Let me introduce you to one more Bostonian who inspired me last year. Donald Wilkins is an Air Force veteran I met in our Homes for the Brave program. It's placed more than 500 veterans in permanent housing. Donald told me how the stigma of homelessness chipped away at his pride. He said our new system-and his new apartment in West Roxbury-was the key to a new life.Donald is with ustonight. It's because of his courage, and the courage of countless veterans like him, that I am so proud to announce: we have ended chronic veterans' homelessness in Boston. And we are working every day to end all chronic homelessness by the year 2018.TonightI've asked Bostonians to come together, and go the extra mile, to make sure our success reaches everyone. I've asked because I know that not just the state of our city, but the soul of our city, is strong. Every day, I see us building our dreams together. Every day, my love of this city, and my belief in this city, grows. We will meet our challenges and keep changing the world. And our future will be greater than any one of us can imagine.Thank you all. May God Bless the City of Boston, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the United States of America.
Photo by Kim MillerWere testing out how we categorize our Topic pages, and we could use your input.Topic pages are based on how a resident thinks about an issue, and feature curated content from across multiple City departments. How we sort these pages is an important aspect of the Boston.gov redesign.You can help us categorize topic pages byfilling out this quick survey. Share the link with anyone in your network you think might be interested in the redesign of the Citys website. We want to find out the most user-friendly way of making everything fit on Boston.gov.On the left side of the survey you will see a list of topics, and on the right side, you will see a list of categories. Just drag the topic from the left side to the category on the right that you think fits best. If you dont see a category that you think works, you can create your own.Well also be sending out a survey soon on how best to structure Boston.gov through our navigation and menus, so stay tuned for that. We cant stress enough how important your feedback is as we develop Boston.gov, and well continue to need your help.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of CityScore, a new initiative that compiles key performance metrics from city departments every day to provide an at-a-glance view of the Citys overall performance. The CityScore dashboard can be viewed atwww.cityofboston.gov/cityscore.The City of Boston is using data in a way that no city has ever done before, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud to launch this data platform that recommits us to our pledge of transparency and delivery of excellent city services. This overview of city metrics allows us to take immediate action within our departments to improve city services to make our city safer and smarter.CityScore is designed to provide a transparent platform that allows people to see a nearly real-time indication of the citys performance. Using metrics that are critical to the overall health of the City, the data is rolled up into a single score that is easy to comprehend. The underlying metrics are also displayed to quickly identify drivers of the score.In an effort to identify trends over time, CityScore is broken down to track data over a given day, week, month and quarter. Today's launch serves as the first iteration of a platform that will grow, change and expand over time.""Our team's goal is to provide the best basic city services in the nation,"" said Chief of Streets Chris Osgood, who helped develop CityScore. ""CityScore helps us track our progress and has already been successful in helping us deliver better services to residents. This will be a great tool for us moving forward.""This data allows people to monitor the delivery of city services, and it creates the opportunity to identify areas where the city is excelling and areas in need of improvement. Scores are determined by comparing current performance to either a target set by the city or a historical performance average. Scores at or above one indicate the City is surpassing or meeting specified targets or historical averages, scores below one are not.CityScore currently tracks measures in the following areas: public safety, economic development, education, innovation and technology, health and human services, basic city services and constituent satisfaction.Using tools that already existed in the Department of Innovation and Technology, the Citywide Analytics Team built CityScore using data generated by the citys departments.About the City of Bostons Analytics TeamThe Citywide Analytics Teams mission is to use data to improve quality of life and to enhance government operations in the City of Boston. By combining modern data analysis and visualizations with a deeply engaged approach to performance improvement and change management, the team works with departments across the City to solve challenging problems, build a more effective government, and deliver better outcomes for people who live and work in Boston. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh commends the Massachusetts Legislature for passing legislation to extend parental leave to parents of both genders, which protects a minimum of eight weeks parental leave for employees and clarifies the law to protect businesses from litigation. Signed into law on January 7th, Mayor Walsh filed this bill as a State Representative in 2013. ""This is about supporting the well-being of working families and allowing parents to establish their families without worrying about job security,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""This effort is a top priority of mine and I am very pleased that it passed the Legislature before the end of session. Our families are the future and this is a big step forward in strengthening our public policy.""Additional statements of support:""The Commonwealth took a great step toward fairness with the passage of An Act Relative to Parental Leave,"" Massachusetts AFL-CIO President Steven A. Tolman said. ""This law recognizes the important role that both parents play just after the birth of a child, allowing them to spend this needed time with their family without risking their job. These protections strengthen our families and communities."" This law represents what is possible when groups engage in respectful debate about public policy that impacts Massachusetts employers and residents,"" Associated Industries of Massachusetts President and CEO Richard Lord said. ""AIM sought clarity on parental leave for employers and we believe the legislation achieves that goal. The association commends Mayor Marty Walsh, Senator Patricia Jehlen, the Massachusetts AFL-CIO and the Greater Boston Legal Services for their work on this legislation. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with The Museum of African American History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras will present, ""A Day of Service and Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,"" onMonday, January 18, 2016 at 1pmin Faneuil Hall.Tributes to Dr. King will feature family-friendly classical and spiritual pieces performed by BYSO's Intensive Community Program, conducted by Marta Zurad, and leaders in their own fields and in community.  ""The City of Boston has the great privilege of working with the Museum of African History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras for its 8th annual Day of Service and Celebration in honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to continue this unique partnership that allows us to celebrate with purpose and reflection. While this day is rightfully set aside to formally recognize Dr. King's enormous impact and legacy, let us remember to live out the spirit of this day throughout the year so that we can help realize his dream in our community."" Civil rights activist, filmmaker and MIT scholar, Topper Carew, will deliver the 2016 Keynote Address. A Boston native, Carew went to study architecture at Howard University, earned Bachelor of Architecture and Master of Environmental Design degrees from Yale and a Doctorate in Communications from the Union Graduate School. He is currently a Research Scholar at the MIT Media Lab and is Director of the two Initiatives, including the Historically Black College and University/MIT Media Lab Innovation Center Collaboration. Carew started his film career by making documentaries about the relationship between neighborhood people and architecture, while using it as a community organizing tool and teaching film to inner city youth.  He transitioned to film making after accepting a fellowship to MIT. Following his years at MIT, he spent four years at WGBH Boston and rose to the rank of Program Manager. He went on to found an independent production company, Rainbow Television Workshop, which developed content for PBS, HBO, Showtime, and The Disney Channel. His television series, Martin (FOX), enjoys the rarified distinction of continuing to be off network syndicated.Carew has received over 40 film and television awards, and eight gold medals for design. Past awards of distinction include three Action for Children Awards, four NAACP Image Awards, a People's Choice Award, and a Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award. In all, Carew has produced eight national TV series, 15 independent documentaries, 4 theatrically released films, 15 movies for television, and 300 live concerts. A Day of Service and Celebration is produced by the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment. Events are free and open to the general public. For further information visitwww.cityofboston.gov/tourismor call617-635-3911."
The newsletter announcing the first launch of the City's official website.That was the headline for an internal 1996 newsletter announcing Bostons first official website. The ceremony for the launch of the original website took place on Dec. 29, 1995, at the Rockingham Glen Senior Center Complex in West Roxbury.We here at the Digital Team got our hands on the newsletter complete with 90s clipart about the announcement and we had to share. It features a number of great nuggets, including a generous gift from Thomas Menino, the former mayor, of a new PC complete with Internet connectivity to the senior center.The original website featured information that included: the Citys property valuation database a calendar of events an environmental blueprint email the mayor City Council offices a guide to city services and a virtual walk on the Freedom Trail. The City actually wonan award in 1996 for its Who Am I? tool, which allowed residents to look up address-specific information about City services (Heres what the site looked like in 96).As we continue to develop a more useful website for the Citys residents, its helpful to see how far weve come, and also how much hasnt changed. Even then, the City was concerned about making sure all citizens had access to its services. The reason the City announced the website launch at a senior center was to illustrate that point. From the newsletter:It is one of my major goals as Mayor that this City not be divided into information haves versus have-nots,  Menino said at the time.Twenty years later, were still trying to help our constituents get the information they need in the easiest way possible. Its a top priority for Mayor Martin Walsh and the City as we continue to develop Boston.gov.A look at the original City of Boston homepage from the 1996 newsletter.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh andGovernor Charlie Bakertoday celebratedGeneralElectric's decision to relocate their world headquarters to Boston to take advantage of Boston and the Commonwealth's innovative and competitive economy and access to human capital and world-class educational institutions.GeneralElectricwill bring approximately 800 high-paying jobs to Boston with this move. ""GeneralElectric's choice to move to Boston is the result of the city's willingness and excitement to work creatively and collaboratively to bring positive activity to our local economy and continue to grow our industries,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is delighted and honored to welcomeGeneralElectricand its employees to our community and we are confident that this is the start of a strong partnership.""""Our administration welcomesGeneralElectric's decision to take advantage of the unique resources that our state has to offer, ranging from our innovative economy to top universities,"" said Governor Baker. ""In addition to adding hundreds of high-paying jobs to our state, we look forward to partnering with GE to achieve further growth across a spectrum of industries and are confident GE will flourish in the Commonwealth's inventive economy.""BringingGeneralElectric's operations to the Seaport District will cement the company as an anchor in the city's innovation industry.The Commonwealth offered incentives up to $120 million through grants and other programs and up to $25 million was offered from the city of Boston in property tax relief. Additional incentives offered toGeneralElectricinclude:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined business leaders from across the city and representatives from MassMentoringPartnership to celebrate the significant progress made in the Mayor's goal of recruiting 1,000 newmentorsover the course of two years. The effort recently passed the halfway mark and 563mentorshave been recruited and matched with mentees to date. Today's event is part of a celebration of January's NationalMentoringMonth.""I am thankful to all of Boston's professionals who answered the call to connect our City youth with positivementoring-based relationships,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Each and every singlementoris making a difference in the lives of young people across the City of Boston. There are many more children waiting to be matched withmentors, and I encourage Boston professionals to sign-up. We will continue to work together to build even more empowering adult-youth relationships here in Boston, and making sure all of our young people have access to this support system.""""The Mayor's commitment to the Mayor'sMentoringMovement means that more young people in Boston have caring adults in their lives,"" said MassMentoringPartnership President and CEO Marty Martinez. ""We were pleased to have the Mayor at the Summit and to be able to connect corporate leaders in the City to this important work.""The event also featured a dialogue on the My Brother's Keeper initiative and related work that's happening in Boston and the central role that youth-adult relationships are playing in these efforts. In December, Boston ranked 6th out of 50 cities across the country based on its high level of engagement and committed action in helping Black men and boys achieve and reach their full potential. The ranking was produced by the Campaign for Black Male Achievement, and published in their report:The Promise of Place: Cities Advancing Black Male Achievement.MBK Boston focuses on improving life outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men. Attendees heard from representatives of several youth-serving organizations about how the initiative is working to connect young people of color to greater opportunities. The following six businesses were honored and added to MassMentoringPartnership's CorporateMentoringHonor Roll for their commitment to supporting empowering youth-adult relationships:Bank of America was presented with the Ignite Award at the event, an annual award given to a company for their innovative work in growing the field ofmentoring. Bank of America has been a longtime supporter ofmentoringand empowering youth-adult relationships. They give financial support to numerousmentoringand youth-serving organizations across the state by sponsoring events, conferences, and trainings and providing programmatic support.For more information about the initiative, or to sign up to become amentorplease visit:www.bostonmentors.org.About Mass Mentoring PartnershipMassMentoringPartnership (MMP) is fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships across Massachusetts. MMP serves more than 250 programs statewide supporting over 33,000 youth in quality relationships. We work withmentoringprograms and youth development organizations to assess programmatic needs and organizational capacity to provide customized strategies that strengthen youth, families, and communities. For more information, please visit:www.massmentors.org"
"The Boston Elections Department today announced that it has concluded its six month, comprehensive review of the ward and precinct assignments and precinct lines across the entire City of Boston. As a result an additional 370 addresses, representing 850 registered voters, need to be corrected.The corrections were accepted by the Board of Election Commissioners during a meeting this morning, Tuesday, January 12 at 10 a.m. in City Hall.The addresses that are impacted are in the neighborhoods of Allston, Brighton, Dorchester, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury and South End.""These corrections are not only necessary, but they bring our ward and precinct assignments up to speed with our modernizing City,"" said Dion Irish, Commissioner of the Election Department and Chair of the Board of Election Commissioners. ""We believe that many of these re-assignments will make voting more convenient for our constituents, but most importantly their addresses are now correctly assigned. I thank the staff of the Election Department, the Law Department and the Department of Innovation and Technology for their hard work on this months long process that will benefit our city and voters for years to come.""This comprehensive review began in August 2015, when errors made in the 1960s caused the incorrect assignment of five addresses in the Lower Mill Section of Dorchester. Following the discovery of these errors the Department and the Massachusetts Secretary of State's Office agreed that a comprehensive review of all address should be conducted to ensure that voters were able to correctly exercise their voting rights. Prior to the municipal election on November 3, 2015, all address assignments were reviewed and corrected for geographical consistency with city council districts.Following the election the review continued with a focus on all of the other aspects of our electoral boundaries. In conducting the review theElections Department found that is was necessary to make changes to the legal descriptions and lines of certain precincts to conform to the changing physical condition of the City of Boston. Unlike other cities and towns, the City of Boston is not subject to state laws that require wards and precincts to be divided every ten years. As a result, many of the City's precinct descriptions became outdated. For example, a description may reference a ""railroad line"" as a precinct boundary, but the railroad line no longer exists. In addition, three precinct lines need to be changed so that they are consistent with new residential development. One precinct line split a residential development so that residents had to vote in two separate locations. Furthermore, during the review, the Elections Department discovered certain addresses that had been listed in the wrong precinct or ward due to past legislation.Following the 1990 census, the Massachusetts State Legislature found it necessary to balance population in districts by drawing congressional, representative and senatorial district lines using U.S. Census Voting Tabulation Districts (""VTDs"") rather than existing municipal precinct lines. After the redistricting process was complete, it became apparent that, in some cases, there were discrepancies between the VTD lines and the existing municipal precinct lines, creating what were referred to as ""hidden split precincts"" in the City of Boston. Addresses that were located in a VTD and thus a particular district under the legislation were located in a different district on city maps. In order for city maps to be consistent with the newly created congressional, representative and senatorial districts, the City was required to move certain addresses from one precinct to another in the same ward, and, in some cases, from one ward and precinct to another ward and precinct. It appears that these changes were made administratively and not by a special act of the legislature (for ward line changes) or by vote of the Board of Election Commissioners (for precinct line changes). As a result, the legal descriptions of wards and precincts maintained by the City did not change. Voters, however, were assigned to their new wards and precincts and have been voting in those locations ever since. After the 2000 census, the Legislature started a new redistricting process which only referenced wards and precinct boundaries rather than VTDs. As a result, congressional, representative and senatorial districts were created in 2002 using original ward and precinct lines. At that point, the administrative changes made by the City in 1992 were obsolete, because the hidden split changes that were created by the 1992 legislation no longer existed.In consultation with the Secretary of State's office, the City has determined that, absent proof of legal authority, the City's original designation of wards and precincts must govern. Therefore, the City now needs to move those addresses back to their proper ward and precinct assignments, in keeping with the City's official descriptions.The Elections Department will be reaching out to all impacted addresses in the coming weeks to ensure that all voters are notified before theMarch 1federal primary. Once the changes are approved by the state, they will be uploaded to the voter database and available to voters online."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, January 12, 2016- The Boston Elections Department today announced that it has concluded its six month, comprehensive review of the ward and precinct assignments and precinct lines across the entire City of Boston. As a result an additional 370 addresses, representing 850 registered voters, need to be corrected.The corrections were accepted by the Board of Election Commissioners during a meeting this morning, Tuesday, January 12 at 10 a.m. in City Hall.The addresses that are impacted are in the neighborhoods of Allston, Brighton, Dorchester, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury and South End.""These corrections are not only necessary, but they bring our ward and precinct assignments up to speed with our modernizing City,"" said Dion Irish, Commissioner of the Election Department and Chair of the Board of Election Commissioners. ""We believe that many of these re-assignments will make voting more convenient for our constituents, but most importantly their addresses are now correctly assigned. I thank the staff of the Election Department, the Law Department and the Department of Innovation and Technology for their hard work on this months long process that will benefit our city and voters for years to come.""This comprehensive review began in August 2015, when errors made in the 1960s caused the incorrect assignment of five addresses in the Lower Mill Section of Dorchester. Following the discovery of these errors the Department and the Massachusetts Secretary of State's Office agreed that a comprehensive review of all address should be conducted to ensure that voters were able to correctly exercise their voting rights. Prior to the municipal election on November 3, 2015, all address assignments were reviewed and corrected for geographical consistency with city council districts.Following the election the review continued with a focus on all of the other aspects of our electoral boundaries. In conducting the review theElections Department found that is was necessary to make changes to the legal descriptions and lines of certain precincts to conform to the changing physical condition of the City of Boston. Unlike other cities and towns, the City of Boston is not subject to state laws that require wards and precincts to be divided every ten years. As a result, many of the City's precinct descriptions became outdated. For example, a description may reference a ""railroad line"" as a precinct boundary, but the railroad line no longer exists. In addition, three precinct lines need to be changed so that they are consistent with new residential development. One precinct line split a residential development so that residents had to vote in two separate locations. Furthermore, during the review, the Elections Department discovered certain addresses that had been listed in the wrong precinct or ward due to past legislation.Following the 1990 census, the Massachusetts State Legislature found it necessary to balance population in districts by drawing congressional, representative and senatorial district lines using U.S. Census Voting Tabulation Districts (""VTDs"") rather than existing municipal precinct lines. After the redistricting process was complete, it became apparent that, in some cases, there were discrepancies between the VTD lines and the existing municipal precinct lines, creating what were referred to as ""hidden split precincts"" in the City of Boston. Addresses that were located in a VTD and thus a particular district under the legislation were located in a different district on city maps. In order for city maps to be consistent with the newly created congressional, representative and senatorial districts, the City was required to move certain addresses from one precinct to another in the same ward, and, in some cases, from one ward and precinct to another ward and precinct. It appears that these changes were made administratively and not by a special act of the legislature (for ward line changes) or by vote of the Board of Election Commissioners (for precinct line changes). As a result, the legal descriptions of wards and precincts maintained by the City did not change. Voters, however, were assigned to their new wards and precincts and have been voting in those locations ever since. After the 2000 census, the Legislature started a new redistricting process which only referenced wards and precinct boundaries rather than VTDs. As a result, congressional, representative and senatorial districts were created in 2002 using original ward and precinct lines. At that point, the administrative changes made by the City in 1992 were obsolete, because the hidden split changes that were created by the 1992 legislation no longer existed.In consultation with the Secretary of State's office, the City has determined that, absent proof of legal authority, the City's original designation of wards and precincts must govern. Therefore, the City now needs to move those addresses back to their proper ward and precinct assignments, in keeping with the City's official descriptions.The Elections Department will be reaching out to all impacted addresses in the coming weeks to ensure that all voters are notified before theMarch 1federal primary. Once the changes are approved by the state, they will be uploaded to the voter database and available to voters online."
Bostons colleges and universities have proven to be an incredible resource in helping to stimulate the conversation around how to shape the future of the city. In that vein, we are looking forward to the launch of Northeastern Universitys spring2016 Myra Kraft Open Classroom, entitled Shaping Bostons Future: Aspirations, Opportunities, and Challenges. These weekly discussions, which are free and open to the public, will use the Imagine Boston 2030 initiative to explore issues related to the future of Boston.The series begins on Wednesday, January 13 from 6 - 8 p.m. in West Village F, Room 20 at Northeastern University, and will follow every Wednesday (except March 9) through April 20. Speakers for the first session, which will focus on Imagining the Future, will be Sara Myerson, executive director of Imagine Boston 2030 Matthew Littell, principal at Utile, one of the lead consultants to Imagine Boston 2030 and Anthony Flint, fellow and director of public affairs at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. David Luberoff, visiting professor of practice at Northeastern, will moderate.Subsequent sessions will explore different aspects of Imagine Boston 2030 and related efforts to preserve, enhance and grow Bostons neighborhoods and communities in ways that promote shared prosperity, encourage sound public investment, and create a healthy environment and population. To do so, each Open Classroom will include remarks from a mix of public officials, civic leaders, and local academics, as well as conversation and questions with the people who attend the sessions.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Boston has surpassed the 1,000-unit mark of new affordable housing units permitted in a single year. The 1,022 new units of affordable housing permitted in 2015 is the largest number of new units permitted in a single yearin 20 yearsof record-keeping. The previous record was 862 units in 2004. This number includes all deed-restricted housing permitted in the City of Boston. Boston is now running at 107 percent of the target rate needed to create the 6,500 new affordable units called for in Mayor Walsh's housing planHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030.""We are committed to creating a Boston that anyone, at any income level, can afford to live in,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased that because of our administration's commitment to creating affordable housing, we have been able to capture the strong real estate market, create jobs and give more people and families the opportunity to find affordable housing in Boston.""The Mayor made the announcement during remarks at theCommercial Real Estate Services' annual market overview meeting in Bostonon Thursdaymorning.Of these new affordable units, 364 will be affordable to households making below 30 percent of area median income. In addition, this number includes 658 units of deed-restricted units affordable to the middle class. In 2015, the City's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Redevelopment Authority approved 1,443 new units of affordable housing - 35 percent of all new development approvals in 2015 and a 55 percent increase over 2014. Although these units have not received permits yet, they make up a sizable portion of Boston's affordable housing pipeline. The estimated total development cost for these affordable units is approximately $492 million, with a total public investment of approximately $154 million, including $23 million of City funds from sources including HOME, Inclusionary Development funds, Linkage and City operating funds. Other public funding sources include state and federal funds, along with tax credit equity.With 19 percent of its housing units reserved to help house its low and moderate income residents, Boston's share of affordable housing is higher than any other major city in the country. But even though Boston is a national leader in affordable housing production and policy, there are still many residents in need of affordable housing options.The City of Boston is currently home to an estimated 28,400 low-income households who need affordable housing. Demographic projections show that by 2030, there will be approximately 9,750 additional low-income non-elderly households living in Boston, resulting in a projected affordable housing need of approximately 38,200 units by 2030.In 2015 alone, the administration invested nearly $50 million in affordable housing this year through 2 RFP processes shifted the Inclusionary Development Policy to generate more units and more finding for affordable housing, and increasedthe amount of City-owned real estate designated for housing and mixed-use development from 29,625 square feet in 2014 to 419,442 square feet in 2015."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an important step in the redesign of the City of Boston's website - the launch of the Boston.gov pilot site (pilot.boston.gov). The pilot site provides a preview of the new design and encourages feedback as the broader Boston.gov site is developed. ""This is an exciting chapter in the redesign of the City's website,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We want to give the people of our City a look at the work we're doing and a voice in the process as we continue to build a more welcoming and useful website."" At the start of the project, the City spoke to constituents who shared valuable feedback about how to improve the city's website. This feedback process will continue throughout the duration of the pilot, and residents are encouraged to share their thoughts on the redesign through the feedback navigation on the pilot website.""Millions of people use digital channels to engage with City government every year,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""We are creating a digital front door for City Hall that is friendly, convenient, and worthy of our connected, tech-savvy city.""An audit of the more than 20,000 indexed pages illustrated the need to make it easier to find information. The goal of the redesigned City website is to help users navigate the many resources provided by the City in a way that is simple and intuitive.The pilot site  which is optimized to fit all screen sizes, including smartphones  showcases the Citys digital brand and previews a new way of organizing content through topics. Topic pages feature curated content based on how a resident thinks about an issue, such as owning a car or winter preparedness.""We heard from residents who mentioned how difficult it can be to search through departments and find the right information on the current website,"" said Chief Digital Officer Lauren Lockwood. ""By pulling content from various departments into Topic pages, we're able to organize resources in a more intuitive way.""While the pilot site focuses on topic pages as a new way to discover tools and resources, the redesigned City website will eventually include additional ways for residents to easily find the content they need, including a more robust menu and navigation bar.The pilot website is a work in progress and will continue to grow and change in the coming months with an expected full launch of the new Boston.gov site later in 2016. In the meantime, the current website (www.CityofBoston.gov) will operate as usual.The effort is being led by the City's Digital Team in partnership with IDEO, an award-winning global design firm, and Boston-based Acquia, a leading local technology provider. To receive updates on this project, sign up atBoston.gov/Digital. About the City of Boston's Digital TeamThe Digital Team is part of the City's Department of Innovation and Technology and focuses on delivering digital services that are welcoming, highly useful, and designed around the needs of the Boston community. "
We launched a pilot version of the redesigned City website pilot.boston.govso you can preview the designs and ideas were currently working on, and give your feedback as we continue to develop and build Boston.gov.You might have noticed that we created a new way of organizing content through Topics. Topic pages feature curated content based onresidents lives and their individual needs rather than City Halls organization. The goal is to gather information from across departments and present it in one place, rather than burying those resources in department pages as they are now.The three topics weve picked to start with on the pilot siteStarting a Business, Having a Car in the City, and Winter is Comingare just the beginning. Where should we go next? Please, let us know and vote at the bottom of thepilot.boston.govhomepage. Your input is crucial as we move forward with this project.As we add more content in the coming months, additional ways of navigating the site will appear, including additions to the fixed navigation bar on top and the side menu. For now, we hope youll take a look at what were working on and let us know what you thinkemail us atfeedback@boston.gov. We want to know what you love, and hate, about the site as we continue to develop.The release of the pilot site is just one step in creating a more welcoming and useful website for the City. Youre going to see us testing out ideas here and not everything we put out there is going to make the cut. We plan to make changes based on your feedbackthe good and the bad.
I was proud to stand with President Obama today as he announced real actions to address gun violence and create safer communities. Requiring all gun purchases to include a background check is a common sense, simple step which will make it harder for criminals and those who intend to commit crimes to access firearms. With expanded background checks and more resources for effective enforcement of existing gun laws, the President's actions are just some of the ways that we, as a country can reduce the gun violence that happens each and every day. Boston is no stranger to gun violence, and although we're experiencing a 16 year low in homicides, we continue to see illegal guns involved in shootings on our streets and in our neighborhoods. With nearly 70 percent of Boston's crime guns coming from outside Massachusetts, we know that this is not just a local issue, or an inner-city issue.Guns move across city and state lines and all too easily from legal ownership to criminal possession.The President has taken executive action to save lives and prevent the senseless carnage of gun violence. Here in Boston we will continue to make keeping guns out of the wrong hands a top priority, and thanks to the President's action we now have strong new tools to make progress nationwide.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the appointment of Alexandra Oliver-Dvila to the Boston School Committee, the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. Oliver-Dvila is currently the Executive Director of Sociedad Latina, Inc., working to increase opportunities in education, workforce development, civic engagement and arts and culture for Boston's Latino youth and families. The swearing-in ceremony will take place this afternoon at5:00 p.m.at the Bolling Building.""Oliver-Dvila is a great addition to the Boston School Committee,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her experience focusing on building strong partnerships and creating opportunities for young people in the City of Boston will add to a cadre of leaders serving in this capacity.""The seven-member Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.""Oliver-Dvila's longtime advocacy for youth is well known and will inform her work on the Committee,"" said Michael O'Neill, Chair of the Boston School Committee. ""She has worked closely with many members of the Committee, myself included, whether through her co-founding role of the Boston Youth Service Network (BYSN), her involvement in helping to publicly interview the Superintendent finalists, her role on Dr. Chang's transition team or her current involvement in the School Committee's Opportunity and Achievement Gaps Task Force. I have no doubt these will all allow her to quickly hit the ground running as an active and involved School Committee member.""""I am incredibly honored to be named to the Boston School Committee and I thank Mayor Walsh for the opportunity to serve in this role,"" said Oliver-Dvila. ""I look forward to contributing further to the work of the committee, supporting student achievement and building pathways to successful careers for Boston's youth.""In her current role, Oliver-Dvila is charged with innovating new programs to help provide support and guidance to young people in education, workforce development, civic engagement, arts and culture. During her time at Sociedad Latina, Oliver-Dvila helped create partnerships between the organization and the Colleges of the Fenway, Museum of Fine Arts and Longwood medical area hospitals. She has also provided collaborative leadership in other organizations such as the Greater Boston Latino Network, Boston Youth Service Providers Network and Mission Hill Youth Collaborative. Other organizations she is involved with include: Boston Chinatown Neighborhood Center, Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative and East Boston Ecumenical Community Council.Oliver-Dvila currently resides in Roslindale. She is a graduate of Emmanuel College, where she earned a B.A. in Political Science and Tufts University, where she earned a Master of Public Policy.The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor of Boston to serve four-year staggered terms. Mayor Walsh made this appointment based on a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of business and higher education. Under the legislation that established the appointed School Committee, ""the Mayor shall strive to appoint individuals who reflect the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the city.""Dr. Miren Uriarte has been re-appointed to a full term. She was initially appointed in February 2015 to serve out the unfinished term of a previous member."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications are now available for those interested in obtaining a position on the 2016 ONEin3 Council, an appointed body of thirty young adults charged with leading efforts to engage Boston's 20-34 year old population. The deadline to submit applications isSunday, January 31st.""Boston is known for having the best and brightest talent, and I look forward to seeing the great work to come from this year's ONEin3 Council,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The work that ONEin3 does to engage our young adult population in the issues that impact them the most is a critically important part of our efforts to move the City forward for everyone.""The ONEin3 Council serves as the leadership for ONEin3, a civic engagement initiative that aims to empower and support Boston's millennial population through active citizenship. The Council will spend this year overseeing volunteers and managing projects that will increase young adult participation in city government and civic affairs. The Council will provide strong leadership in order to build a community of active, involved young adults from all over the city, working together to make Boston an inviting, connected, culturally rich and sustainable place for young people to live.The 2016 ONEin3 Council will reflect the diversity of Boston's young adult population and will be representative of their wide variety of interests and experiences. Last year's Council was comprised of 31 Boston residents, including 16 women and 15 men who live in 17 neighborhoods across Boston, and work in 22 different industries. In order to be eligible, applicants must be between the ages of 20-34 and live in Boston.The 2016 ONEin3 Council will be installed in March, after which point any young adult wishing to be involved with ONEin3 will be welcome to attend open meetings and volunteer time, energy and talent to further ONEin3's mission of empowering and supporting Boston's millennial population.Applications for the 2016 ONEin3 Council can be foundhere. For more information on the ONEin3 program, please visitwww.ONEin3Boston.com.ABOUT ONEin3With more than one-third of our population between the ages of 20-34, Boston is home to the highest proportion of young adults out of any major city in America. Recognizing the importance of engaging this demographic, the Mayor launched ONEin3 to serve as the connection between the City of Boston and its millennial population. Through its various programs and events,the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative builds relationships, increases civic engagement and promotes active citizenship to empower and supportBoston's young adults."
The Digital Team kicking off the Boston.gov redesign with IDEO and Acquia.For Bostons Digital Team, 2015 was about building a stronger foundation, including a larger and more diversely talented group. We brought on a graphic designer, Sebastian, who, among many things, led the branding ofBOS:311. Those witty, yet official tweets you see from@CityofBostonand blogs onBoston.gov/Digitalare the work of Matt, our digital engagement strategist.The redesign of the Citys website (Boston.gov) has been an all-hands-on-deck project. We brought Beth on board as a project manager to coordinate with our partners,IDEOandAcquia. Katie is our web content manager keeping the Citys current website moving with an eye toward migrating all of its content to the redesigned site. Our new content strategist, James, will help us deliver on our promise to use a more human tone on the new site.PDF-killer Josh is working to turn our roughly 400 PDF forms and applications on the website into online forms. To better strategically align our internal and external web efforts, Reilly joined the team to spearhead the redesign of our internal website. Finally, Fatima is our developer who valiantly juggles Drupal and ASP.NET to improve user experience on current tools while building new ones. Were still looking for more dev talentmore info on ourhiring page!In 2016 well be launching a host of new tools, and importantly a redesigned Boston.gov. A pilot version will go live in January, which will give you a look at what were working on and also a chance to tell us what you think. More to come on that so stay tuned!Finally, I want to thank you for being interested in this important (at least we think so!) intersection of civic and tech. We believe digital tools give us a powerful opportunity (and responsibility) to reach and engage people. Weve done our job when people are delighted, interested, or engaged in the tools we build. Well keep you posted on the progress we make and always welcome your thoughts and ideasemail us any time atdigital@boston.gov.Happy (almost) new year!Lauren and the Digital TeamGoing through the gnarly sitemap for the current City website. The City of Bostons CIOJascha (back, right)joined us for the website redesign kickoff at IDEOs offices.
TheBoston Parks and Recreation Department is pleased to announce that it has been awarded a $30,000 grant from the U.S. Soccer Foundation, the national model in sports-based youth development in underserved communities. The grant will fund soccer programming in City of Boston parks. The Boston Parks and Recreation Departmentwas one of 24 organizations nationwide to receive a grant.With funding from the U.S. Soccer Foundation, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will be able to dramatically increase the scope of our soccer programs, Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook noted. This grant enables us to attract more participants from a large untapped population of at-risk youthby increasing participant capacity, adding more locations across the city, and offering these programs on a year-round basis.The Parks Departments soccer offerings consist of four key programs: Boston Neighborhood Soccer League (BNSL), Seasonal Developmental Clinics, the Mayors Cup Tournament, and instruction offered at multi-discipline Summer Sports Centers. The goal is to ensure all Bostons youth has access to free, quality sports programs in neighborhoods throughout the city. The Department plans to build upon and expand current soccer offerings to include more year-round leagues and skill clinic series.The U.S. Soccer Foundation awards grants to programs and projects that share their belief that the game of soccer breaks down barriers for children to live healthier, more secure, and confident lives. These programs will improve the physical fitness level of Boston children while building teamwork and a sense of community in a safe environment.The U.S. Soccer Foundation is thrilled for the grant recipients, said Ed Foster-Simeon, President and CEO of the U.S. Soccer Foundation. Through sports-based youth development, these organizations provide a structured environment that instills self-discipline, builds self-confidence, encourages a healthy and active lifestyle and fosters quality relationships.Since its inception in 1994, the U.S. Soccer Foundation has awarded more than $100 million in grants to non-profit organizations in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Support for the U.S. Soccer Foundations grant processis provided by the Foundations corporate partners, including Hellas Construction, Kwik Goal, Hunter Industries, Musco Sports Lighting, Soccer.com, and Sport Court.
The visioning kit was created to allow anyone to bring a group of people who care about our City together to hold a discussion about their vision and goals for Boston in 2030. The ideas generated will be woven into a strategic vision plan that will guide the preservation, enhancement and responsible growth of our city between now and 2030. Want to get started? All you need is a group of people, a pen and your ideas! We put together some instructions to guide you through the process. Were looking forward to seeing what you come up with!Want to get involved in other ways too? There are a number ofadditional waysto give us your feedback about how youd like to see Boston change leading up to 2030. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updates.
What has stood out to me has been the incredible enthusiasm for the process. Two Town Halls, 118 community conversations, 35 focus groups and more than3,200responses to the online survey. Its exciting and energizing to see the willingness of residents to step up and engage in the process of creating a plan for arts and culture in Boston. Thank you again to all our volunteers!When we began this process, we already knew that Boston had an incredible wealth of arts assets. Throughout the summer, we began to understand how strongly people believe in the power of the arts to transform a city. The process has brought people from all neighborhoods together, sharing their vision for the arts. Weve heard differing opinions on our priorities,but all are based on a common thread  arts have the potential to elevate the city and to bring us together. Earlier this fall, we released the executive summary of the community engagement findings. If you haven't had a chance to review it, you can find inhere.It may seem quiet on the cultural planning process right now but behind the scenes, the team is hard at work. We gathered an incredible amount of data this past summer and we are currently reviewing and analyzing all the information and working onproposed strategies and tactics to best respond to the needs of the city. InJanuary and February, well be working with the Leadership Council and Steering Committee to hone our thinking, and assess whats possible. We want a plan withshort-, near-,and long-term goals, as well as aspirational recommendations. We also want something actionable and implementable  not a plan that sits upon a shelf.Well have the draft plan ready to share with you in March. Please markMarch 28, 2016on your calendar  well be holding one more Town Hall that evening to hear your feedback.We look forward to seeing you then!
Boston Public Library locations will host a variety of literary events this month, with topics ranging from finance to genealogy:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Our selfie station visited City Hall Plaza for its kickoff event and made its way to Roxbury, Dorchester, East Boston and Downtown Crossing over the course of a week. We finished our journey at the City of Bostons 74th annual Christmas tree lighting on Boston Common.The Imagine Boston team was excited to see so many Bostonians stop by, selfie with us, and share their ideas on transportation, housing, development, city culture, and so much more. We even had a few notable attendees stop by our booth, including Bostons beloved Keytar Bear and Mayor Walsh! Here are some of our favorite shots from the week.These are just a few of our favorite photos from our travels, but you can see the complete collection on our Facebook pagehere.Be sure to check out more coverage of the events below:Didnt get a chance to visit our traveling photo booth? We still want you to picture yourself in the future of our city! Share your selfie on any of our social media pages (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using the hashtag #ImagineBoston. In your post, let us know what issues around Boston matter most to you and what your vision is for our future in 2030 and beyond. Selfies arent the only way to share your ideas  we have a number ofadditional waysto give us your feedback. You can also keep up on Imagine Boston updates by signing up for our email newsletterhere.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he is joining the search committee in recommending Monica Valdes Lupi to the the Board of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) for appointment as its next executive director. Valdes Lupi, who served BPHC from 2001-2007 as a senior health policy manager and later chief of staff, would bring more than 20 years of experience in public administration and public health to the role as the chief executive of Boston's health department. ""I am pleased that this year-long search process has culminated in Boston finding such a decorated and distinguished leader to head up the commission,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Monica Valdes Lupi has exceptional experience at the forefront of public health policy and a proven record of coordinating and implementing important public health initiatives. I have no doubt that her local, state and national experience will enable her to solve the most pressing public health challenges facing our city.""Mayor Walsh and the Board of Health appointed a search committee to oversee the process of finding a permanent executive director, co-chaired by Board Chair Dr. Paula Johnson and Harvard School of Public Health professor Dr. Howard Koh in October 2014.  ""The Boston Public Health Commission is tasked with the important role of promoting the health and well-being of Boston's residents and there is no better person to serve as Executive Director than Monica Valdes Lupi,"" said Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""As a health professional with a strong record in leading the way on critical public health issues, I am confident that she will maintain and strengthen Boston's reputation for being a national leader on public health initiatives and I am looking forward to working with her.""""The Commission is charged with both providing a wide range of critically-needed public health services and programming in the City of Boston as well as setting the City's public health agenda, so finding the right person to lead this agency has been a top priority,"" said Dr. Paula Johnson, Chair of the Board of the BPHC. ""Having admired Ms. Valdes Lupi's work during her time at the BPHC and her subsequent leadership in public health, I am eager to welcome her back. She will bring a breadth of local, state and national experience to the BPHC."" The Boston Public Health Commission is the country's oldest health department. Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of its mission to protect, preserve and promote the health and well-being of Boston residents, particularly the most vulnerable. As executive director, Valdes Lupi would advance this mission and oversee the commission's more than 40 programs grouped into 6 bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Addictions Prevention, Treatment & Recovery Support Services and Emergency Medical Services (EMS).In her roles as BPHC's senior health policy manager and later chief of staff, Valdes Lupi was an integral member of several groundbreaking Boston public health initiatives, including the agency's pioneering task force to address racial and ethnic disparities, which preceded BPHC's ongoing efforts to promote health equity in Boston. Valdes Lupi later served as chief of staff and deputy commissioner for the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, during which time she successfully oversaw and advanced institutional initiatives and public health reform policies that enabled the Commonwealth to better serve its residents. ""I was honored to participate in the search for Boston's next top public health official, and I am confident that this recommendation will keep Boston on course as a national leader in promoting health and health equity at the local-government level,"" said Dr. Howard Koh. Most recently, Valdes Lupi was the chief program officer of health systems transformation for the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials, where she led the strategic coordination of health transformation projects, including public health integration and informatics, designed to improve population health.""On behalf of all commission employees, I am truly excited to welcome Monica back to the Boston Public Health Commission,"" said Dr. Huy Nguyen, who has served as BPHC's interim executive director and medical director since October 2014. ""I know that she has a deep understanding of our organization as well as the importance of promoting health equity. We're excited for the work ahead.""The Board of the BPHC is scheduled to meet to take up the appointmenton Wednesday, December 23rdat9:30am. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services, the Snchez family, local elected officials and Mission Hill residents to celebrate the opening of the Maria Snchez House, a $15.6 million transit-oriented affordable senior rental housing development. Named after the mother of Representative Jeffrey Snchez, the 40-unit newly-constructed senior rental housing is located on a long-vacant site located adjacent to the Roxbury Crossing MBTA Station, in the heart of the Mission Hill commercial district.""It is critically important to maintain and add to our affordable housing market in the city, especially for our seniors who have helped make Boston the great city that it is today,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to congratulate Mission Hill Housing Services on reaching this milestone today. I'm proud that together with our partners we are able to create affordable homes for our seniors, offering residents convenient access to the services they need in a place that they are proud to call home.""All of the units were rented to individuals who are 62 years old or older and are earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income (AMI), with most of the residents earning 30 percent of AMI or below. The building's 40 one-bedroom apartments, have two elevators for accessibility, central air conditioning, two on-site laundry facilities, a large community space for programming for residents on the ground floor, a rear courtyard, and a deck with views of the City. Construction of theMaria Snchez House generated approximately 45 construction jobs. ""This is the result of many years of hard work and many partners,"" said Representative Jeffrey Snchez. ""Naming this for my mother honors her work and commitment to the Mission Hill community she loves with all her heart, but also represents all those community members who dedicated years to creating a vision for Roxbury Crossing that is now being realized. This is only the first step and I expect Mission Hill NHS to soon move across Gurney Street to Parcel 25 as the next step."" In accordance with the City of Boston's Green Affordable Housing Program, the Goody Clancy design for the four-story block and plank building utilizes green building strategies and that met LEED ""Gold"" standards. The project also meets the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency'sEnergy Starstandards. The City of Boston contributed more than $2.8 million to the development of the Maria Snchez House, including Housing Creation Linkage funding from neighborhood institution Massachusetts College of Pharmacy. The project received HUD support of $6.2 million in Section 202 capital funding and $400,000 in grant funding. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts also contributed more than $2.8 million to the development of this project. Land was donated for the project by Wentworth Institute of Technology and the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and First Night/First Day Boston, in partnership with the National Hockey League announced today that the 2016 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic onJanuary 1, 2016will be live streamed in Copley Square for First Day attendees. The Boston Bruins will face off against the Montreal Canadiens at1:00 p.m.at Gillette Stadium. For First Night/Day, Copley Square will be decorated with ice sculptures and festive decor.""I am grateful to First Day/First Night and the NHL for teaming up to put on this special event in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston is home to some of the best sports teams and the best fans in the country, and there is no better way to watch the Boston Bruins defeat the Montreal Canadiens than on a big screen TV in Copley Square."" The Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League in which two teams play outdoors, and has become a New Years Day tradition for all of the hockey fans. And this year, Boston is making NHL history, as the Bruins are the first team in the league to host this signature game for a second time. This live streaming is a partnership between First Night / First Day Boston and the National Hockey League, allowing fans the chance to enjoy the First Day programming while watching the game. "
"BOSTON -Monday, December 21, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he is joining the search committee in recommending Monica Valdes Lupi to the the Board of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) for appointment as its next executive director. Valdes Lupi, who served BPHC from 2001-2007 as a senior health policy manager and later chief of staff, would bring more than 20 years of experience in public administration and public health to the role as the chief executive of Boston's health department. ""I am pleased that this year-long search process has culminated in Boston finding such a decorated and distinguished leader to head up the commission,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Monica Valdes Lupi has exceptional experience at the forefront of public health policy and a proven record of coordinating and implementing important public health initiatives. I have no doubt that her local, state and national experience will enable her to solve the most pressing public health challenges facing our city.""Mayor Walsh and the Board of Health appointed a search committee to oversee the process of finding a permanent executive director, co-chaired by Board Chair Dr. Paula Johnson and Harvard School of Public Health professor Dr. Howard Koh in October 2014.  ""The Boston Public Health Commission is tasked with the important role of promoting the health and well-being of Boston's residents and there is no better person to serve as Executive Director than Monica Valdes Lupi,"" said Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""As a health professional with a strong record in leading the way on critical public health issues, I am confident that she will maintain and strengthen Boston's reputation for being a national leader on public health initiatives and I am looking forward to working with her.""""The Commission is charged with both providing a wide range of critically-needed public health services and programming in the City of Boston as well as setting the City's public health agenda, so finding the right person to lead this agency has been a top priority,"" said Dr. Paula Johnson, Chair of the Board of the BPHC. ""Having admired Ms. Valdes Lupi's work during her time at the BPHC and her subsequent leadership in public health, I am eager to welcome her back. She will bring a breadth of local, state and national experience to the BPHC."" The Boston Public Health Commission is the country's oldest health department. Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of its mission to protect, preserve and promote the health and well-being of Boston residents, particularly the most vulnerable. As executive director, Valdes Lupi would advance this mission and oversee the commission's more than 40 programs grouped into 6 bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Addictions Prevention, Treatment & Recovery Support Services and Emergency Medical Services (EMS).In her roles as BPHC's senior health policy manager and later chief of staff, Valdes Lupi was an integral member of several groundbreaking Boston public health initiatives, including the agency's pioneering task force to address racial and ethnic disparities, which preceded BPHC's ongoing efforts to promote health equity in Boston. Valdes Lupi later served as chief of staff and deputy commissioner for the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, during which time she successfully oversaw and advanced institutional initiatives and public health reform policies that enabled the Commonwealth to better serve its residents. ""I was honored to participate in the search for Boston's next top public health official, and I am confident that this recommendation will keep Boston on course as a national leader in promoting health and health equity at the local-government level,"" said Dr. Howard Koh. Most recently, Valdes Lupi was the chief program officer of health systems transformation for the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials, where she led the strategic coordination of health transformation projects, including public health integration and informatics, designed to improve population health.""On behalf of all commission employees, I am truly excited to welcome Monica back to the Boston Public Health Commission,"" said Dr. Huy Nguyen, who has served as BPHC's interim executive director and medical director since October 2014. ""I know that she has a deep understanding of our organization as well as the importance of promoting health equity. We're excited for the work ahead.""The Board of the BPHC is scheduled to meet to take up the appointmenton Wednesday, December 23rdat9:30am."
"BOSTON -Monday, December 21, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and First Night/First Day Boston, in partnership with the National Hockey League announced today that the 2016 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic onJanuary 1, 2016will be live streamed in Copley Square for First Day attendees. The Boston Bruins will face off against the Montreal Canadiens at1:00 p.m.at Gillette Stadium. For First Night/Day, Copley Square will be decorated with ice sculptures and festive decor.""I am grateful to First Day/First Night and the NHL for teaming up to put on this special event in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston is home to some of the best sports teams and the best fans in the country, and there is no better way to watch the Boston Bruins defeat the Montreal Canadiens than on a big screen TV in Copley Square."" The Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League in which two teams play outdoors, and has become a New Years Day tradition for all of the hockey fans. And this year, Boston is making NHL history, as the Bruins are the first team in the league to host this signature game for a second time. This live streaming is a partnership between First Night / First Day Boston and the National Hockey League, allowing fans the chance to enjoy the First Day programming while watching the game."
"BOSTON -Monday, December 21, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and First Night/First Day Boston, in partnership with the National Hockey League announced today that the 2016 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic onJanuary 1, 2016will be live streamed in Copley Square for First Day attendees. The Boston Bruins will face off against the Montreal Canadiens at1:00 p.m.at Gillette Stadium. For First Night/Day, Copley Square will be decorated with ice sculptures and festive decor.""I am grateful to First Day/First Night and the NHL for teaming up to put on this special event in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston is home to some of the best sports teams and the best fans in the country, and there is no better way to watch the Boston Bruins defeat the Montreal Canadiens than on a big screen TV in Copley Square."" The Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic is an annual event held by the National Hockey League in which two teams play outdoors, and has become a New Years Day tradition for all of the hockey fans. And this year, Boston is making NHL history, as the Bruins are the first team in the league to host this signature game for a second time. This live streaming is a partnership between First Night / First Day Boston and the National Hockey League, allowing fans the chance to enjoy the First Day programming while watching the game."
Two hours of free parking at any of the Citys 8,000 metered parking spaces is available by using the new ParkBoston app. To date, hundreds of free parking sessions have been gained by ParkBoston users since the incentive went into effect in late November.Listed below are the steps that ParkBoston users should follow to take advantage of the free parking offer.Each ParkBoston account will be allowed the use of this special 617617 code once during this holiday season.A ParkBoston account must first be secured to proceed with a transaction. The ParkBoston app is free and available through the App Store or Google Play for IPhone and Android users. A pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones. For more information on Park Boston please visitpark.boston.gov.ParkBoston makes it easy, quick and convenient to pay for parking at meters, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. If you already have a ParkBoston account, I encourage you to use the discount code to receive two hours of free parking while visiting your favorite restaurant, shop or theater in Boston this holiday season. If you havent yet given ParkBoston a try, this is the perfect opportunity for you to do so and take advantage of our holiday parking incentive through the New Year.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Michael D. Smith, Senior Assistant to President Barack Obama, Mayor Michael Nutter of Philadelphia, Mayor-Elect Jim Kenney of Philadelphia, and Philadelphia municipal officials and local stakeholders to discuss the impact of President Obama's 'My Brother's Keeper' (MBK) initiative for communities across the country at the MBK Philly Summit. As part the two-day summit, Mayor Walsh announced Boston youth will form an advisory council with the Boston Public Schools (BPS) and chaired by the BPS Superintendent Dr. Tommy Chang.""Boston was proud to answer President Obama's call to action, and I am proud of the great momentum we are experiencing across policies and programming supporting Black and Latino males and all youth in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Mayor Nutter has been a strong advocate and thought-leader for My Brother's Keeper and I am honored to join him as we discuss how we will continue to advocate for increased access and opportunity for all of our residents.""The BPS youth advisory council will formally launch in 2016. The announcement of the youth advisory council follows a Boston-based convening this week hosted by the BPS for the Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color (COSEBOC)'s Regional Gathering at the Bruce Bolling Building. COSEBOC's gathering included a session last Saturday with BPS young men of color followed by a presentation of recommendations and workshops on Monday. Approximately 87 young men presented recommendations to increase diversity and improve inclusionary measures at BPS. Recommendations included having a more diverse and culturally responsive staff, a greater environment of mutual respect between students and teachers, and more coursework that is connected to cultural relevance and cultural identities.On Wednesday, Superintendent Chang and Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey traveled to the White House to discuss the issue of chronic absenteeism as part of MBK.Boston was one of 10 cities that participated in this event. The initiative is a comprehensive, evidence-based approach to providing high-need students with additional supports to help with high school and post-secondary success.Earlier this month, Boston ranked 6th out of 50 cities across the country based on its high level of engagement and committed action in helping Black men and boys achieve and reach their full potential. The ranking was produced by the Campaign for Black Male Achievement, and published in their report: The Promise of Place: Cities Advancing Black Male Achievement. MBK Boston focuses on improving life outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men.Today's session of the MBK Philly Summit kicked off with the theme: Success and Impact of MBK, including remarks by Mayor Walsh. The MBK Philly two-day summit celebrated the importance of MBK in communities across the country like Boston and Philadelphia, congratulated Mayor Nutter's leadership, and introduced Mayor-Elect Kenney as a partner in supporting MBK locally and nationally. The two-day summit also included a workshop called ""Advancing Racial Equity: The Role of Government"" led by the Governing Alliance for Race and Equity (GARE) and the Center of Social Inclusion (CSI).In September 2014, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee. After months of community engagement, the Advisory Committee released a set of recommendations in May 2015. The Advisory Committee recently held its quarterly meeting on December 3rd at City Year Boston. Sub-committees of the Advisory Committee convene regularly to further shape and implement policy and program recommendations outlined in the MBK Boston Recommendations for Action across three milestones: 1) Graduating from high school ready for college and career 2) Successfully entering the workforce and 3) Reducing youth violence and providing a second chance. In addition to recommendations outlined in the report, MBK Boston focuses on promoting mentoring through the Mayor's Mentoring Movement, research and policy development and implementation in partnership with RootCause, and positive imagery among other initiatives."
"PHILADELPHIA, PA - Friday, December 18, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Michael D. Smith, Senior Assistant to President Barack Obama, Mayor Michael Nutter of Philadelphia, Mayor-Elect Jim Kenney of Philadelphia, and Philadelphia municipal officials and local stakeholders to discuss the impact of President Obama's 'My Brother's Keeper' (MBK) initiative for communities across the country at the MBK Philly Summit. As part the two-day summit, Mayor Walsh announced Boston youth will form an advisory council with the Boston Public Schools (BPS) and chaired by the BPS Superintendent Dr. Tommy Chang.""Boston was proud to answer President Obama's call to action, and I am proud of the great momentum we are experiencing across policies and programming supporting Black and Latino males and all youth in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Mayor Nutter has been a strong advocate and thought-leader for My Brother's Keeper and I am honored to join him as we discuss how we will continue to advocate for increased access and opportunity for all of our residents.""The BPS youth advisory council will formally launch in 2016. The announcement of the youth advisory council follows a Boston-based convening this week hosted by the BPS for the Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color (COSEBOC)'s Regional Gathering at the Bruce Bolling Building. COSEBOC's gathering included a session last Saturday with BPS young men of color followed by a presentation of recommendations and workshops on Monday. Approximately 87 young men presented recommendations to increase diversity and improve inclusionary measures at BPS. Recommendations included having a more diverse and culturally responsive staff, a greater environment of mutual respect between students and teachers, and more coursework that is connected to cultural relevance and cultural identities.On Wednesday, Superintendent Chang and Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey traveled to the White House to discuss the issue of chronic absenteeism as part of MBK.Boston was one of 10 cities that participated in this event. The initiative is a comprehensive, evidence-based approach to providing high-need students with additional supports to help with high school and post-secondary success.Earlier this month, Boston ranked 6th out of 50 cities across the country based on its high level of engagement and committed action in helping Black men and boys achieve and reach their full potential. The ranking was produced by the Campaign for Black Male Achievement, and published in their report: The Promise of Place: Cities Advancing Black Male Achievement. MBK Boston focuses on improving life outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men.Today's session of the MBK Philly Summit kicked off with the theme: Success and Impact of MBK, including remarks by Mayor Walsh. The MBK Philly two-day summit celebrated the importance of MBK in communities across the country like Boston and Philadelphia, congratulated Mayor Nutter's leadership, and introduced Mayor-Elect Kenney as a partner in supporting MBK locally and nationally. The two-day summit also included a workshop called ""Advancing Racial Equity: The Role of Government"" led by the Governing Alliance for Race and Equity (GARE) and the Center of Social Inclusion (CSI).In September 2014, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee. After months of community engagement, the Advisory Committee released a set of recommendations in May 2015. The Advisory Committee recently held its quarterly meeting on December 3rd at City Year Boston. Sub-committees of the Advisory Committee convene regularly to further shape and implement policy and program recommendations outlined in the MBK Boston Recommendations for Action across three milestones: 1) Graduating from high school ready for college and career 2) Successfully entering the workforce and 3) Reducing youth violence and providing a second chance. In addition to recommendations outlined in the report, MBK Boston focuses on promoting mentoring through the Mayor's Mentoring Movement, research and policy development and implementation in partnership with RootCause, and positive imagery among other initiatives."
Curious how we arrived at our four Strategic Principles? Check outthis post.When we think of the reasons we love living in this city, we always come back to its vibrancy.Its alive. The activity and energy of our city offer infinite opportunities to learn, play, and interact. While people are connecting all over Boston, we often leave people feeling detached from City Hall and our website doesn't help.Strategic Principle number four is all about reconnecting them. About making people feel like City Hall is not only an important part of their world, but a useful  and even delightful  part of their world.The site should never be a barrier to you getting on with your life. It should be a way of propelling you through it. Dead ends and out-dated information currently leave visitors to the site thinking Clearly this isnt the place I get something done. The site looks dormant and that causes people to seek out life  abort their mission and call a phone number, when what they really wanted was to take action independently.Our City's website should be as alive and energetic as the people it serves. It should inspire you to engage and be a digital means of connecting you to the people and activities that make Boston such an amazing place to live and work. To bring it to life, well be highlighting stories about City government that you havent heard before. Were looking at new ways to surface opportunities to take action, whether thats attending a local meeting or finding events. And well be providing many more opportunities and methods for your voices to be heard.Strategic Principle number four reminds us that life is meant to be lived. And the site should embody that spirit. That doesnt mean that it needs to look like an invitation to a block party. But it shouldnt look like a tax form either. Not if we truly want people to engage with the City they call home.And we most definitely do.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston Board of Health voted to approve amendments to the City of Boston's tobacco regulations which raise the minimum legal age for purchasing tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, from 18 to 21, increase the age for admission to adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars to 21, and streamline existing regulations. Additionally, the amendments will limit the sale of flavored tobacco and nicotine products other than menthol to adult-only retailers.""I am proud to stand with our Board of Health in support of updating Boston's tobacco regulations. It is our responsibility to do what we can to guide our young people and create a healthier future for all Bostonians,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know the consequences of tobacco use are real and can be devastating. These changes send a strong message that Boston takes the issue of preventing tobacco addiction seriously, and I hope that message is heard throughout Boston and across the entire country.""By raising the minimum legal age for tobacco sales to 21, Boston joins more than 85 other municipalities in Massachusetts, as well as New York City and Hawaii.The amendments will go into effectin 60 daysonFebruary 15, 2016.Previously, Boston's Board of Health has implemented robust tobacco control and prevention measures to address youth smoking, leading to a substantial reduction in youth cigarette use. Among Boston high school students, the rate of cigarette use declined from 15.3 percent in 2005 to 7.9 percent in 2013, and is well below the national average of 15.7 percent. However, use of electronic cigarettes and flavored tobacco products is on the rise, spurring the most recent action by the Board of Health.""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his leadership on this persistent public health issue and for his support of these critically important policy changes that will undoubtedly protect Boston's young people from unnecessary disease and premature death,"" said Board of Health Chair Dr. Paula Johnson.Nationwide, while only roughly two percent of retail tobacco sales are to individuals aged 18 through 21, as many as 95 percent of adult smokers began smoking before they turned 21, and the ages 18 to 21 are cited as critical years when young people transition from experimenting with tobacco into becoming regular users.Recognizing the importance of this age group, the tobacco industry has been increasingly targeting youth through pricing, marketing and flavoring. Research shows that instead of smoking cigarettes, Boston's young people are using other tobacco products, including candy, fruit, chocolate or other sweet-flavored cigars, as well as e-cigarettes. A 2013 survey found that the use of inexpensive cigars and cigarillos among youth in Boston had increased to 20 percent. Boston's latest amendments are aimed at preventing teenagers from starting smoking by removing the sources of tobacco products from their social networks.""Despite major gains in reducing the number of adults and youth who smoke cigarettes, smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States, contributing to more deaths than HIV, illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle accidents and firearm-related incidents combined, so reducing the number of young people who ever start smoking is the single most important thing we can to promote long-term health,"" said Dr. Huy Nguyen, Interim Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission."
"BOSTON -Thursday, December 17, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston Board of Health voted to approve amendments to the City of Boston's tobacco regulations which raise the minimum legal age for purchasing tobacco products, including e-cigarettes, from 18 to 21, increase the age for admission to adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars to 21, and streamline existing regulations. Additionally, the amendments will limit the sale of flavored tobacco and nicotine products other than menthol to adult-only retailers.""I am proud to stand with our Board of Health in support of updating Boston's tobacco regulations. It is our responsibility to do what we can to guide our young people and create a healthier future for all Bostonians,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know the consequences of tobacco use are real and can be devastating. These changes send a strong message that Boston takes the issue of preventing tobacco addiction seriously, and I hope that message is heard throughout Boston and across the entire country.""By raising the minimum legal age for tobacco sales to 21, Boston joins more than 85 other municipalities in Massachusetts, as well as New York City and Hawaii.The amendments will go into effectin 60 daysonFebruary 15, 2016.Previously, Boston's Board of Health has implemented robust tobacco control and prevention measures to address youth smoking, leading to a substantial reduction in youth cigarette use. Among Boston high school students, the rate of cigarette use declined from 15.3 percent in 2005 to 7.9 percent in 2013, and is well below the national average of 15.7 percent. However, use of electronic cigarettes and flavored tobacco products is on the rise, spurring the most recent action by the Board of Health.""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his leadership on this persistent public health issue and for his support of these critically important policy changes that will undoubtedly protect Boston's young people from unnecessary disease and premature death,"" said Board of Health Chair Dr. Paula Johnson.Nationwide, while only roughly two percent of retail tobacco sales are to individuals aged 18 through 21, as many as 95 percent of adult smokers began smoking before they turned 21, and the ages 18 to 21 are cited as critical years when young people transition from experimenting with tobacco into becoming regular users.Recognizing the importance of this age group, the tobacco industry has been increasingly targeting youth through pricing, marketing and flavoring. Research shows that instead of smoking cigarettes, Boston's young people are using other tobacco products, including candy, fruit, chocolate or other sweet-flavored cigars, as well as e-cigarettes. A 2013 survey found that the use of inexpensive cigars and cigarillos among youth in Boston had increased to 20 percent. Boston's latest amendments are aimed at preventing teenagers from starting smoking by removing the sources of tobacco products from their social networks.""Despite major gains in reducing the number of adults and youth who smoke cigarettes, smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States, contributing to more deaths than HIV, illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle accidents and firearm-related incidents combined, so reducing the number of young people who ever start smoking is the single most important thing we can to promote long-term health,"" said Dr. Huy Nguyen, Interim Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission."
One of Boston's oldest traditions will continue with an estimated 600 swimmers plunging into Boston Harbor for the annual L Street Brownies New Years Day Swim.Hosted by the BCYF Curley Community Center, 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston, the swim takes place at the K Street entrance of the center. Due to the tide schedule, the swim starts at 8:15 a.m. this year. Doors open at 7 a.m. and close at 10 a.m. Swimmers should arrive dressed to swim as the mens and womens locker and shower rooms will not be available until after the swim. Water shoes are suggested due to shells and rocks left by the tide.This event has taken place for over 100 years. The Brownies are the oldest polar bear swimming club in America. The Brownies promote health, fun and friendship. Each year, the swim is dedicated to past and recently deceased Brownies.Both swimmers and spectators are welcome and creative costumes are encouraged. For more information, please contact Fred Ahern, Administrative Coordinator of the BCYF Curley Community Center or Jack Dever, President of the L Street Brownies at 617-635-5104.
Curious how we arrived at our four Strategic Principles? Check outthis post.Its on the website, is likely something youve been told before. While its true we provide mountains of information for Bostons residents and visitors, the burden of locating what you need can be crippling.Our audit of Boston.govs more than 20,000 indexed pages and around 8,000 PDFs drove that point home for us. Some residents have grown accustomed to the sites deep rabbit holes and siloed information, but for others, its just unusable  they give up, and start to think its done this way on purpose.The lesson here is that theres a large difference between making information available and making it accessible. The site should make sure it's accessible for all and act as your digital sherpa. Someone trusted to not only know the best route from A to B, but also to anticipate what you may need along the way.Residents lives and their individual needs straddle departments. Our challenge is to bridge these gaps and guide an experience based on real-life moments. No one should ever be required to have a deep understanding of City Halls organizational structure. Except, of course, all of us City employees. The information we provide must be always relevant to our constituents needs. The language we use to get you there should be clear and direct.For the site to be widely accessible and inviting for all citizens, we must also be conscious of the great diversity in our residents when planning function and content. This means not just offering a top-notch mobile experience but also designing for persons with disabilities. Simplifying the language on our site is key, but so is offering better translation tools.Boston.gov logs more than 500,00 sessions per month on average. We hope when each of these people return to the site after an initial first visit, it should be a comfort to them. It should feel like something theyve mastered after only one experience.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston Public Schools Arts Expansion Initiative has been awarded $1.5 million in grant funding from The Wallace Foundation to support their continuing expansion of arts education.""I am honored that The Wallace Foundation has chosen to invest in our ongoing effort to increase the presence of quality arts education in the Boston Public Schools,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through the Boston Creates cultural planning process, we are not only enriching the lives of our young people, but we are working towards ensuring a future where art will play a pivotal role in Boston's cultural landscape."" The grant will support EdVestors and the Boston Public Schools (BPS) in their work to implement new approaches to arts instruction, curriculum and professional development for teachers, partnership coordination, and student and family engagement. The money will directly support the continuation of EdVestors' successful partnership with BPS through the work of theBoston Public Schools Arts Expansion Initiative. This newest grant follows more than $4.8 million the foundation has invested in BPS Arts Expansion since the initiative began. Launched in 2009 as a public/private collaboration between the Boston Public Schools, EdVestors, local and national funders, and arts and cultural organizations, BPS Arts Expansion is an ongoing effort to expand arts education in schools across Boston. Since 2009, the number of Boston students in preschool through eighth grade that receive weekly, year-long arts education increased from 67 to 93 percent and access to arts education for high school students has more than doubled, reaching 17,000 additional students. ""It's exciting to see the continued growth of the Arts Expansion Initiative thanks to the enormous generosity of our community partners,"" said Boston School Committee Chair Michael O'Neill. ""We have seen how critical it is to our academic achievement that the arts be integrated in all our work. I am grateful for The Wallace Foundation and EdVestors for their ongoing partnership."" ""The BPS Arts Expansion effort is an excellent model of true public/private partnership that is benefiting students in the Boston Public Schools,"" said Dr. Tommy Chang, superintendent of BPS. ""Our schools are focusing on the arts in a way that they never have thanks in large part to our partnership with private donors, and our students are reaping the rewards of that generosity."" The initiativehas spurred an increase in public funds supporting arts education, from $15 million annually in 2009 through the Boston Public Schools budget to $26 million this school year. These funds chiefly support BPS Arts Teachers, the ranks of which have grown by 120 additional teachers over the past six years. The initiative alsosupportscommunity-basedarts organizationswhopartner with Boston Public Schools to further expand the range of arts offerings available for students. In addition to The Wallace Foundation, local funders of this effort include the Barr Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the Klarman Family Foundation and the Linde Family Foundation, among others. ""We know high-quality arts education provides important benefits to students - from exposure to new perspectives, to helping them learn how to learn,"" said Daniel Windham, director of Arts at The Wallace Foundation. ""Boston has made substantial progress in improving access to arts education for all students, and we are pleased to join local foundations to help sustain the progress made."" ""EdVestors has been honored to partner with the Boston Public Schools and our funders to make these increases in access to quality arts learning opportunities possible,"" said Laura Perille of EdVestors. ""The combined efforts of principals, teachers, nonprofit partners, and foundations all focused on a student-focused goal prove what's possible when stakeholders come together."" "
"BOSTON -Friday, December 11, 2015- Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston Public Schools Arts Expansion Initiative has been awarded $1.5 million in grant funding from The Wallace Foundation to support their continuing expansion of arts education.""I am honored that The Wallace Foundation has chosen to invest in our ongoing effort to increase the presence of quality arts education in the Boston Public Schools,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through the Boston Creates cultural planning process, we are not only enriching the lives of our young people, but we are working towards ensuring a future where art will play a pivotal role in Boston's cultural landscape."" The grant will support EdVestors and the Boston Public Schools (BPS) in their work to implement new approaches to arts instruction, curriculum and professional development for teachers, partnership coordination, and student and family engagement. The money will directly support the continuation of EdVestors' successful partnership with BPS through the work of theBoston Public Schools Arts Expansion Initiative. This newest grant follows more than $4.8 million the foundation has invested in BPS Arts Expansion since the initiative began. Launched in 2009 as a public/private collaboration between the Boston Public Schools, EdVestors, local and national funders, and arts and cultural organizations, BPS Arts Expansion is an ongoing effort to expand arts education in schools across Boston. Since 2009, the number of Boston students in preschool through eighth grade that receive weekly, year-long arts education increased from 67 to 93 percent and access to arts education for high school students has more than doubled, reaching 17,000 additional students. ""It's exciting to see the continued growth of the Arts Expansion Initiative thanks to the enormous generosity of our community partners,"" said Boston School Committee Chair Michael O'Neill. ""We have seen how critical it is to our academic achievement that the arts be integrated in all our work. I am grateful for The Wallace Foundation and EdVestors for their ongoing partnership.""""The BPS Arts Expansion effort is an excellent model of true public/private partnership that is benefiting students in the Boston Public Schools,"" said Dr. Tommy Chang, superintendent of BPS. ""Our schools are focusing on the arts in a way that they never have thanks in large part to our partnership with private donors, and our students are reaping the rewards of that generosity."" The initiativehas spurred an increase in public funds supporting arts education, from $15 million annually in 2009 through the Boston Public Schools budget to $26 million this school year. These funds chiefly support BPS Arts Teachers, the ranks of which have grown by 120 additional teachers over the past six years. The initiative alsosupportscommunity-basedarts organizationswhopartner with Boston Public Schools to further expand the range of arts offerings available for students. In addition to The Wallace Foundation, local funders of this effort include the Barr Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the Klarman Family Foundation and the Linde Family Foundation, among others. ""We know high-quality arts education provides important benefits to students - from exposure to new perspectives, to helping them learn how to learn,"" said Daniel Windham, director of Arts at The Wallace Foundation. ""Boston has made substantial progress in improving access to arts education for all students, and we are pleased to join local foundations to help sustain the progress made."" ""EdVestors has been honored to partner with the Boston Public Schools and our funders to make these increases in access to quality arts learning opportunities possible,"" said Laura Perille of EdVestors. ""The combined efforts of principals, teachers, nonprofit partners, and foundations all focused on a student-focused goal prove what's possible when stakeholders come together."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has signed an Executive Order prompting changes in the City of Boston's Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP), leveraging the private development market to ensure the continued development of affordable housing in Boston. ""For our city to continue to grow and thrive, we have to do everything in our power to make sure that people who want to work to make Boston better can afford to live here,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Inclusionary Development Policy is a critical tool for creating and maintaining affordable living in our City. I am pleased that the team working on this issue has created a balanced policy that helps ensure that our city's most vulnerable benefit from the strong real estate market, while preserving developers' ability to create the housing we need across all income levels.""IDP applies to residential developments with ten or more units that will either be developed on property owned by the City of Boston, or that will require relief from the Boston Zoning Code. Under IDP, developers of these projects are required to either build affordable units on-site build or acquire affordable units in an off-site location, or, with BRA approval, provide a contribution to the Inclusionary Development Fund. The Executive Order signed by Mayor Walsh improves this policy to require additional units or funds, and affords a higher level of predictability and transparency in the development process. Under the new policy, Boston will now be divided into three development zones, in recognition of the distinct markets within the city. While major developments downtown can support greater Inclusionary obligations, the real estate markets in Boston's outer neighborhoods have market rents and sales prices that, while being more accessible to moderate and middle-income families, may not be able to support significant additional Inclusionary requirements.The zones will be designated as A, B, and C. Zone A will include the downtown neighborhoods and waterfront areas Zone B will include Allston, Brighton, Charlestown, Jamaica Plain, Mission Hill, and part of South Boston. Zone C will include Dorchester, East Boston, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury, and West Roxbury.To ensure that affordability is maintained in Boston's neighborhoods, the City's preference is for units created through IDP to remain on-site. Under certain circumstances, however, developers will be permitted to fulfill their IDP obligations by either making a cash-in-lieu payment into the Inclusionary Development Fund, or by creating affordable units near the planned market-rate development. These allowances would generally be given if the cash-in-lieu payment or off-site option would yield a significantly higher number of affordable units. Based on the location of new developments within the three new zones, IDP has been modified to increase the contribution amounts for developers wishing to make a cash-in-lieu payment instead of building affordable units on-site. With the exception of Zone C, the new contribution limits will be higher than in the previous policy, rising from $200,000 per unit to $300,000 in Zone B, and from $200,000 to $380,000 in Zone A.In addition, in Zones A and B, developers seeking to build their units off-site will be required to increase the number of affordable units from 15 percent of the total to 18 percent of the total units in their development. These two modifications will further increase the number of affordable units in the city and the value of contributions to the Inclusionary Development Fund. Lastly, the Executive Order calls for more specific program details to be outlined in the new policy. Historically, many of the details of how IDP was implemented were spelled out in separate Affordable Housing Agreements created for each project. New, more specific details to be outlined in the policy will significantly improve standardization, transparency, and predictability for both communities and developers.Affordable units created through IDP are subject to income requirements. All affordable rental units created through IDP are required to be affordable to households with incomes less than or equal to 70 percent or less of the Area Median Income (AMI), which is approximately equal to a combined household income of $62,000 for a household of three. For ownership units, such as condominiums, half the IDP-created units are to be dedicated to families with incomes less than or equal to 80 percent of AMI, with the other half to be dedicated to households with incomes between 80 and 100 percent of AMI. For a three-person household, 80 percent of AMI is approximately equal to $71,000, while 100 percent of AMI is equal to $88,000 for a household of three.Developers have three options for complying with IDP:Under the new policy, if a developer is permitted to make a cash-in-lieu payment, two changes will apply. First, payments will now be based on the new, higher off-site unit requirements of 18 percent affordability in Zones A & B. In addition, the cash-in-lieu minimum rise to $300,000 per unit in Zone B and to $380,000 in Zone A.The Fund has been managed by the Department of Neighborhood Development since 2013. Guidelines have been established for the use of these funds, which are distributed through a transparent, competitive Request For Proposal process. Since its inception in 2000, IDP has been responsible for the creation of 1,496 new affordable housing units under the on-site and off-site components, with another 551 affordable units currently under construction. In addition, more than $100 million has been raised for affordable housing $70 million from the Fund has been disbursed to date. These funds have helped create 1,597 new units of affordable housing.While there is no legal requirement for a public process for changes to IDP, the IDP team, co-led by the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Department of Neighborhood Development, has been meeting for the past year with a broad range of stakeholders, including leaders from non-profits focused on affordable housing, the development community, the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, and the Mayor's Office."
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Governor Charlie Baker and the Richard Family announced a new park at Children's Wharf honoring Martin Richard, the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings. Located adjacent to Boston Children's Museum, the park will be designed by the acclaimed landscape architecture firm, Michael Van Valkenburgh & Associates.The property, currently owned by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, will be remediated and transferred to the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to be protected as permanent public open space.""These things don't happen by accident. We are grateful to all who are involved, working together to turn an idea into reality"", said Bill Richard, Martin's father. ""The location, next to Children's Museum, is perfect. The design will be something special and will attract children, families, and visitors from around the world.""""Martin's message of peace and love of life serves as an inspiration for all of us,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank all of our partners who have contributed to this important initiative, and especially the Richard family, whose strength and commitment to bettering our community exemplifies the spirit of our city.""""We are honored to make this land available and be a part of this wonderful new space where children, their families and the people of Boston can honor the life of a truly remarkable child,"" said Governor Baker.A fundraising effort is already underway for the park, which is expected to be designed throughout 2016 and constructed in 2017. Early contributors to the park include P&G Gillette, the Highland Street Foundation, and the Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.The City of Boston looks forward to engaging in a community process to discuss the design of the park with the neighborhood.Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates (MVVA) has completed park designs across North America and has cultivated an expertise in sustainability and waterfront infrastructure. MVVA is well known for making original imaginative and inspiring places for people of all ages. Some of their completed projects include the arrival landscape outside of Boston Children's Museum, a Garden at the Gardner Museum in Boston, Teardrop Park in Manhattan, NY and Brooklyn Bridge Park in Brooklyn, NY.""We are proud to help sponsor a new park that will celebrate Martin Richard's life while encouraging young children in Boston to build health and confidence through play,"" said Kara Buckley, Global Grooming Communications Leader, P&G. ""What a perfect tribute for a special little boy.""""The Richard Family has made a profound impact on the heart and spirit of our city and it is honor to play a very small role in the creation of Children's Wharf Park honoring Martin Richard,"" said Blake Jordan, Executive Director of the Highland Street Foundation.""For over 100 years, Boston Children's Museum has been a place of learning, play, discovery, and community for over 25 million children and their families,"" said Carole Charnow, President & CEO Boston Children's Museum. ""For two decades, the Museum and its Fort Point neighbors have envisioned a park that would carry this mission from bridge to bridge. The opportunity to honor young Martin Richard adds a more meaningful dimension to this vision. Martin dreamt of a world of kindness and peace, and with Martin as its inspiration this park will be abeautiful, vibrant, and fun destination for all, and a solace to those who seek peace and comfort. We are privileged to help make this dream come true."""
"TheBoston Public Library Presidential Search Committeetoday announced three additional public listening sessions scheduled for January and February 2016. The sessions onJanuary 21,February 1, andFebruary 11, will be an opportunity for the community to share their thoughts on the qualities the next leader of the Boston Public Library (BPL) should have, in an open and conversational forum. The next in the series of public listening sessions will be held thisSaturday, December 12 at 9 a.m., in the Commonwealth Salon at Central Library, Copley Square.""The more input received from the community, the more assured the Search Committee will be in selecting a BPL President who best meets the needs of library patrons and staff,"" said John Palfrey, Chair of the BPL Presidential Search Committee. ""The public has provided great feedback already, but more voices are always welcome. For those unable to attend a public listening session, please deliver your ideas via email tosearchchair@bpl.org.""January and February listening sessions will be held on the following dates:The public is also encouraged totweet comments at the Boston Public Library Twitter handle via@bplbostonand at Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey at @jpalfrey. In addition, comments may be submitted viaSearchChair@bpl.org.  The Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee is charged with locating, recruiting, interviewing, and evaluating top candidates from around the country for the position of BPL President in conjunction with executive search firm, Spencer Stuart."
"BOSTON -Thursday, December 10, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has signed an Executive Order prompting changes in the City of Boston's Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP), leveraging the private development market to ensure the continued development of affordable housing in Boston. ""For our city to continue to grow and thrive, we have to do everything in our power to make sure that people who want to work to make Boston better can afford to live here,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Inclusionary Development Policy is a critical tool for creating and maintaining affordable living in our City. I am pleased that the team working on this issue has created a balanced policy that helps ensure that our city's most vulnerable benefit from the strong real estate market, while preserving developers' ability to create the housing we need across all income levels.""IDP applies to residential developments with ten or more units that will either be developed on property owned by the City of Boston, or that will require relief from the Boston Zoning Code. Under IDP, developers of these projects are required to either build affordable units on-site build or acquire affordable units in an off-site location, or, with BRA approval, provide a contribution to the Inclusionary Development Fund. The Executive Order signed by Mayor Walsh improves this policy to require additional units or funds, and affords a higher level of predictability and transparency in the development process. Under the new policy, Boston will now be divided into three development zones, in recognition of the distinct markets within the city. While major developments downtown can support greater Inclusionary obligations, the real estate markets in Boston's outer neighborhoods have market rents and sales prices that, while being more accessible to moderate and middle-income families, may not be able to support significant additional Inclusionary requirements.The zones will be designated as A, B, and C. Zone A will include the downtown neighborhoods and waterfront areas Zone B will include Allston, Brighton, Charlestown, Jamaica Plain, Mission Hill, and part of South Boston. Zone C will include Dorchester, East Boston, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury, and West Roxbury.To ensure that affordability is maintained in Boston's neighborhoods, the City's preference is for units created through IDP to remain on-site. Under certain circumstances, however, developers will be permitted to fulfill their IDP obligations by either making a cash-in-lieu payment into the Inclusionary Development Fund, or by creating affordable units near the planned market-rate development. These allowances would generally be given if the cash-in-lieu payment or off-site option would yield a significantly higher number of affordable units. Based on the location of new developments within the three new zones, IDP has been modified to increase the contribution amounts for developers wishing to make a cash-in-lieu payment instead of building affordable units on-site. With the exception of Zone C, the new contribution limits will be higher than in the previous policy, rising from $200,000 per unit to $300,000 in Zone B, and from $200,000 to $380,000 in Zone A.In addition, in Zones A and B, developers seeking to build their units off-site will be required to increase the number of affordable units from 15 percent of the total to 18 percent of the total units in their development. These two modifications will further increase the number of affordable units in the city and the value of contributions to the Inclusionary Development Fund. Lastly, the Executive Order calls for more specific program details to be outlined in the new policy. Historically, many of the details of how IDP was implemented were spelled out in separate Affordable Housing Agreements created for each project. New, more specific details to be outlined in the policy will significantly improve standardization, transparency, and predictability for both communities and developers.Affordable units created through IDP are subject to income requirements. All affordable rental units created through IDP are required to be affordable to households with incomes less than or equal to 70 percent or less of the Area Median Income (AMI), which is approximately equal to a combined household income of $62,000 for a household of three. For ownership units, such as condominiums, half the IDP-created units are to be dedicated to families with incomes less than or equal to 80 percent of AMI, with the other half to be dedicated to households with incomes between 80 and 100 percent of AMI. For a three-person household, 80 percent of AMI is approximately equal to $71,000, while 100 percent of AMI is equal to $88,000 for a household of three.Developers have three options for complying with IDP:Under the new policy, if a developer is permitted to make a cash-in-lieu payment, two changes will apply. First, payments will now be based on the new, higher off-site unit requirements of 18 percent affordability in Zones A & B. In addition, the cash-in-lieu minimum rise to $300,000 per unit in Zone B and to $380,000 in Zone A.The Fund has been managed by the Department of Neighborhood Development since 2013. Guidelines have been established for the use of these funds, which are distributed through a transparent, competitive Request For Proposal process. Since its inception in 2000, IDP has been responsible for the creation of 1,496 new affordable housing units under the on-site and off-site components, with another 551 affordable units currently under construction. In addition, more than $100 million has been raised for affordable housing $70 million from the Fund has been disbursed to date. These funds have helped create 1,597 new units of affordable housing.While there is no legal requirement for a public process for changes to IDP, the IDP team, co-led by the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Department of Neighborhood Development, has been meeting for the past year with a broad range of stakeholders, including leaders from non-profits focused on affordable housing, the development community, the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, and the Mayor's Office."
"BOSTON -Thursday, December 10, 2015- Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Governor Charlie Baker and the Richard Family announced a new park at Children's Wharf honoring Martin Richard, the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings. Located adjacent to Boston Children's Museum, the park will be designed by the acclaimed landscape architecture firm, Michael Van Valkenburgh & Associates.The property, currently owned by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, will be remediated and transferred to the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to be protected as permanent public open space.""These things don't happen by accident. We are grateful to all who are involved, working together to turn an idea into reality"", said Bill Richard, Martin's father. ""The location, next to Children's Museum, is perfect. The design will be something special and will attract children, families, and visitors from around the world.""""Martin's message of peace and love of life serves as an inspiration for all of us,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank all of our partners who have contributed to this important initiative, and especially the Richard family, whose strength and commitment to bettering our community exemplifies the spirit of our city.""""We are honored to make this land available and be a part of this wonderful new space where children, their families and the people of Boston can honor the life of a truly remarkable child,"" said Governor Baker.A fundraising effort is already underway for the park, which is expected to be designed throughout 2016 and constructed in 2017. Early contributors to the park include P&G Gillette, the Highland Street Foundation, and the Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.The City of Boston looks forward to engaging in a community process to discuss the design of the park with the neighborhood.Michael Van Valkenburgh Associates (MVVA) has completed park designs across North America and has cultivated an expertise in sustainability and waterfront infrastructure. MVVA is well known for making original imaginative and inspiring places for people of all ages. Some of their completed projects include the arrival landscape outside of Boston Children's Museum, a Garden at the Gardner Museum in Boston, Teardrop Park in Manhattan, NY and Brooklyn Bridge Park in Brooklyn, NY.""We are proud to help sponsor a new park that will celebrate Martin Richard's life while encouraging young children in Boston to build health and confidence through play,"" said Kara Buckley, Global Grooming Communications Leader, P&G. ""What a perfect tribute for a special little boy.""""The Richard Family has made a profound impact on the heart and spirit of our city and it is honor to play a very small role in the creation of Children's Wharf Park honoring Martin Richard,"" said Blake Jordan, Executive Director of the Highland Street Foundation.""For over 100 years, Boston Children's Museum has been a place of learning, play, discovery, and community for over 25 million children and their families,"" said Carole Charnow, President & CEO Boston Children's Museum. ""For two decades, the Museum and its Fort Point neighbors have envisioned a park that would carry this mission from bridge to bridge. The opportunity to honor young Martin Richard adds a more meaningful dimension to this vision. Martin dreamt of a world of kindness and peace, and with Martin as its inspiration this park will be abeautiful, vibrant, and fun destination for all, and a solace to those who seek peace and comfort. We are privileged to help make this dream come true."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the City of Boston'sVisionZeroAction Plan. The plan outlines the City of Boston's commitment to providing safer streets for all users of the city's roadways, including working towards preventing serious crashes and eliminating traffic-related fatalities on local streets. ""OurVisionZeroAction Plan outlines a thoughtful strategy to improve roadway safety and put the City of Boston on track towards eliminating all traffic-related fatalities on our streets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ensuring the safety of all of our residents and visitors is a top priority and it is important that we continue to make strides in creating better and safer streets across our city.""""The safety of pedestrians, cyclists, transit riders and drivers is paramount,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""Many partners, inside and outside of city government, worked hard on developing this plan we look forward to working even harder putting it into action.""The Action Plan focuses on four core areas: implementing street design changes, tackling the issue of distracted and impaired driving, engaging Boston residents across all neighborhoods, and collecting and sharing data related to these efforts. Highlights of theVisionZeroAction Plan include the following.""The underlying theme ofVisionZerois that serious injuries and fatalities resulting from traffic crashes are preventable through effective policies, engineering, community engagement and enforcement,"" said Gina N. Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. ""Together with our Task Force partners, BTD is committed to using all available resources to provide local streets that pedestrians, cyclists and motor vehicle drivers may all travel on safely.""""The Boston Police Department is prepared to support Mayor Walsh'sVisionZeroAction Plan,"" said William Evans, Commissioner of the Boston Police Department. ""Too often we see the tragic results of crashes which could have been avoided. We are committed to making city streets as safe as possible for all pedestrians, motorists and cyclists.""Currently, Boston's Emergency Medical Services responds to calls for assistance from an average of two to three pedestrians or cyclists each day who have been in crashes. In the last four years, 79 people have been killed while walking, bicycling or driving on Boston's streets.""Motor vehicle and other transport-related crashes are a leading cause of death in Boston,"" said Dr. Huy Q. Nguyen, Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission. ""Boston EMS and the Injury Prevention Program at the Boston Public Health Commission are proud to help make our streets and thoroughfares safer for all pedestrians, cyclists and drivers through Mayor Walsh'sVisionZeroAction Plan and Task Force.""Boston's Transportation, Public Works, Public School and Police Departments, as well as the Boston Public Health Commission and Emergency Medical Services are represented on theVisionZeroTask Force. Other members include representatives from Walk Boston and the Boston Cyclists Union.Livable Streets and the rest of theVisionZeroCoalition have also contributed to the agenda of the Task Force.""PWD is pledging to do our part to meet the goals ofVisionZero,"" said Michael Dennehy, Commissioner of the Boston Public Works Department. ""We are researching updated engineering and construction ideas and technology that will help us to build streets and intersections that are safe and convenient for everyone.""The Task Force, which includes theDepartment of Innovation and Technology, Commission for Persons with Disabilities, Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and Commission on Affairs of the Elderly,has collected and shared pertinent data since it was formed by Mayor Walsh in March of this year. Members have also collaborated on cross-departmental strategies to improve safety, ranging from the simple act of handing out helmets and lights to people who ride bikes, to studying new technologies to manage speeds, to evaluating the use of speed humps in residential neighborhoods and ongoing campaigns aimed at reducing distracted and impaired driving.""Though EMS will always be there to provide the best care possible to those injured in roadway incidents, our goal is to use this manually reviewed cyclist, pedestrian and motor vehicle data to inform injury prevention efforts and ultimately decrease or eliminate the need for emergency medical care,"" said James Hooley, Chief of the Boston Emergency Medical Services Department.""From understanding where collisions are more likely to occur, to measuring the impacts of experimental interventions, data plays an important role in the City's efforts to eliminate crashes and fatalities,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""Using this information we have built a map which visualizes, both for city planners and citizens alike, where crashes occur in our city, we have analyzed the results of interventions applied to our roadway network with an eye toward public safety, and assisted in the collection of the data which makes this work possible.""TheVisionZeroAction Plan and crash map are available to view on the project website atvisionzeroboston.org."
"Six Boston area Mayors and City Managers today jointly announced the formation of the Greater Boston Regional Economic Compact, which will facilitate regional problem solving among the municipalities of Boston, Braintree, Cambridge, Chelsea, Quincy and Somerville.""We are thrilled to announce this new partnership between our cities to address the regional economic challenges and opportunities facing the Greater Boston region,"" announced the Mayors of Boston, Braintree, Quincy and Somerville and the City Managers of Cambridge and Chelsea in a joint statement.""In order to succeed it is important that we first recognize that some of our greatest obstacles are not contained within city lines and that regional challenges require regional solutions,"" said Mayor Walsh of Boston. ""I look forward to working together with our surrounding partners to overcome obstacles and grow together across sectors and across borders.""The municipal executives and their staffs will meet to strategize and solve common issues in the areas of housing, transportation, sustainability, and economic development that would benefit from a regional response.As part of the compact, each participating city will explore committing funds to hire a full-time staff member to work with all participants and help develop a strategy for economic growth. In addition, a Regional Compact coordinator will be hired to develop a regional economic development strategy. ""Economic challenges and opportunities for our region do not stop at our city borders,""said Mayor Curtatone of Somerville. ""From transportation to housing to addressing sustainability and climate change, if we are to succeed as individual cities as we face 21stcentury challenges, we must develop our strengths as a region. This compact is an important first step in doing so.""""Our future is tied tightly together as a region, not just as individual cities,"" saidMayor Koch of Quincy. ""This effort is an important recognition of that reality, and I'm proud to be part of such a dynamic partnership of communities willing to work together to reach our potential and confront our challenges."" ""Working together to grow our regional economy through transportation and housing will create vibrant economic value for all,"" said Mayor Sullivan of Braintree.""Cambridge is excited to partner with Boston, Quincy, Somerville, Braintree, and Chelsea to address many important issues-economic development, housing, sustainability, and transportation-impacting the region,"" said City Manager Richard C. Rossi. ""Solving issues that transcend municipal boundaries requires a fundamental shift to this type innovative collaborative approach.""""The economy of the Boston region is too complex for each of us to identify ourselves by the community in which we live,"" saidCity Manager Thomas Ambrosino of Chelsea. ""While we might think of ourselves as being from Chelsea, or Boston, or Quincy, in reality we are all from the Boston region and we need to plan and foster investment in the region as a single unit.""The Compact commits each participating City to five principles:Aside from geographical proximity, the six participating cities and towns have chosen to join the compact because of their common identities and set of challenges. Last May, the mayors of Boston, Cambridge, Quincy, Somerville and Braintree announced the formation of the Life Sciences Corridor. The corridor was created to promote the robust life sciences sector along the MBTA red line in the Greater Boston region. "
"BOSTON -Wednesday, December 9, 2015- Six Boston area Mayors and City Managers today jointly announced the formation of the Greater Boston Regional Economic Compact, which will facilitate regional problem solving among the municipalities of Boston, Braintree, Cambridge, Chelsea, Quincy and Somerville.""We are thrilled to announce this new partnership between our cities to address the regional economic challenges and opportunities facing the Greater Boston region,"" announced the Mayors of Boston, Braintree, Quincy and Somerville and the City Managers of Cambridge and Chelsea in a joint statement.""In order to succeed it is important that we first recognize that some of our greatest obstacles are not contained within city lines and that regional challenges require regional solutions,"" said Mayor Walsh of Boston. ""I look forward to working together with our surrounding partners to overcome obstacles and grow together across sectors and across borders.""The municipal executives and their staffs will meet to strategize and solve common issues in the areas of housing, transportation, sustainability, and economic development that would benefit from a regional response.As part of the compact, each participating city will explore committing funds to hire a full-time staff member to work with all participants and help develop a strategy for economic growth. In addition, a Regional Compact coordinator will be hired to develop a regional economic development strategy. ""Economic challenges and opportunities for our region do not stop at our city borders,""said Mayor Curtatone of Somerville. ""From transportation to housing to addressing sustainability and climate change, if we are to succeed as individual cities as we face 21st centurychallenges, we must develop our strengths as a region. This compact is an important first step in doing so.""""Our future is tied tightly together as a region, not just as individual cities,"" saidMayor Koch of Quincy. ""This effort is an important recognition of that reality, and I'm proud to be part of such a dynamic partnership of communities willing to work together to reach our potential and confront our challenges."" ""Working together to grow our regional economy through transportation and housing will create vibrant economic value for all,"" said Mayor Sullivan of Braintree.""Cambridge is excited to partner with Boston, Quincy, Somerville, Braintree, and Chelsea to address many important issues-economic development, housing, sustainability, and transportation-impacting the region,"" said City Manager Richard C. Rossi. ""Solving issues that transcend municipal boundaries requires a fundamental shift to this type innovative collaborative approach.""""The economy of the Boston region is too complex for each of us to identify ourselves by the community in which we live,"" saidCity Manager Thomas Ambrosino of Chelsea. ""While we might think of ourselves as being from Chelsea, or Boston, or Quincy, in reality we are all from the Boston region and we need to plan and foster investment in the region as a single unit.""The Compact commits each participating City to five principles:Aside from geographical proximity, the six participating cities and towns have chosen to join the compact because of their common identities and set of challenges. Last May, the mayors of Boston, Cambridge, Quincy, Somerville and Braintree announced the formation of the Life Sciences Corridor. The corridor was created to promote the robust life sciences sector along the MBTA red line in the Greater Boston region."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, December 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the City of Boston'sVisionZeroAction Plan. The plan outlines the City of Boston's commitment to providing safer streets for all users of the city's roadways, including working towards preventing serious crashes and eliminating traffic-related fatalities on local streets. ""OurVisionZeroAction Plan outlines a thoughtful strategy to improve roadway safety and put the City of Boston on track towards eliminating all traffic-related fatalities on our streets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ensuring the safety of all of our residents and visitors is a top priority and it is important that we continue to make strides in creating better and safer streets across our city.""""The safety of pedestrians, cyclists, transit riders and drivers is paramount,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""Many partners, inside and outside of city government, worked hard on developing this plan we look forward to working even harder putting it into action.""The Action Plan focuses on four core areas: implementing street design changes, tackling the issue of distracted and impaired driving, engaging Boston residents across all neighborhoods, and collecting and sharing data related to these efforts. Highlights of theVisionZeroAction Plan include the following.""The underlying theme ofVisionZerois that serious injuries and fatalities resulting from traffic crashes are preventable through effective policies, engineering, community engagement and enforcement,"" said Gina N. Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. ""Together with our Task Force partners, BTD is committed to using all available resources to provide local streets that pedestrians, cyclists and motor vehicle drivers may all travel on safely.""""The Boston Police Department is prepared to support Mayor Walsh'sVisionZeroAction Plan,"" said William Evans, Commissioner of the Boston Police Department. ""Too often we see the tragic results of crashes which could have been avoided. We are committed to making city streets as safe as possible for all pedestrians, motorists and cyclists.""Currently, Boston's Emergency Medical Services responds to calls for assistance from an average of two to three pedestrians or cyclists each day who have been in crashes. In the last four years, 79 people have been killed while walking, bicycling or driving on Boston's streets.""Motor vehicle and other transport-related crashes are a leading cause of death in Boston,"" said Dr. Huy Q. Nguyen, Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission. ""Boston EMS and the Injury Prevention Program at the Boston Public Health Commission are proud to help make our streets and thoroughfares safer for all pedestrians, cyclists and drivers through Mayor Walsh'sVisionZeroAction Plan and Task Force.""Boston's Transportation, Public Works, Public School and Police Departments, as well as the Boston Public Health Commission and Emergency Medical Services are represented on theVisionZeroTask Force. Other members include representatives from Walk Boston and the Boston Cyclists Union.Livable Streets and the rest of theVisionZeroCoalition have also contributed to the agenda of the Task Force.""PWD is pledging to do our part to meet the goals ofVisionZero,"" said Michael Dennehy, Commissioner of the Boston Public Works Department. ""We are researching updated engineering and construction ideas and technology that will help us to build streets and intersections that are safe and convenient for everyone.""The Task Force, which includes theDepartment of Innovation and Technology, Commission for Persons with Disabilities, Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and Commission on Affairs of the Elderly,has collected and shared pertinent data since it was formed by Mayor Walsh in March of this year. Members have also collaborated on cross-departmental strategies to improve safety, ranging from the simple act of handing out helmets and lights to people who ride bikes, to studying new technologies to manage speeds, to evaluating the use of speed humps in residential neighborhoods and ongoing campaigns aimed at reducing distracted and impaired driving.""Though EMS will always be there to provide the best care possible to those injured in roadway incidents, our goal is to use this manually reviewed cyclist, pedestrian and motor vehicle data to inform injury prevention efforts and ultimately decrease or eliminate the need for emergency medical care,"" said James Hooley, Chief of the Boston Emergency Medical Services Department.""From understanding where collisions are more likely to occur, to measuring the impacts of experimental interventions, data plays an important role in the City's efforts to eliminate crashes and fatalities,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""Using this information we have built a map which visualizes, both for city planners and citizens alike, where crashes occur in our city, we have analyzed the results of interventions applied to our roadway network with an eye toward public safety, and assisted in the collection of the data which makes this work possible.""TheVisionZeroAction Plan and crash map are available to view on the project website atvisionzeroboston.org."
We're talking with residents about their vision and ideas to make Boston even better leading up to its 400th birthday in 2030. After hosting a series of Imagine Boston 2030 open house meetings recently at the Bruce C. Bolling building in Roxburys Dudley Square, it was time for City staff to hit the streets and hear from more residents.Check out some of our photos from a recent stop in Jamaica Plain (below), and keep an eye out for these suggestion boxes (and our street teams) in your neighborhood!Want to get involved? There are a number ofadditional waysto give us your feedback about what you want the future of Boston to be. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updates.
One way that the community is learning about Imagine Boston is through all of the great press coverage that weve been received over the past few weeks. A sampling of some of the articles are below:Want to share your vision for Bostons future AND help us spread the word about Imagine Boston? Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also let us know what issues matter most to you, your family, and your community bytextingyour feedback.To receive updates on Imagine Boston, sign up online.
"Curious how we arrived at our four Strategic Principles? Check outthis post.Strategic Principle number two requires that everything about our new site inspires confidence. Bostonians should think of us as the go-to site for information relevant to their communities.As the official website for the City, residents should always feel confident that the information is accurate, up-to-date, and trustworthy. Residents should also feel confident that they are in the right place. Not just the correct URL, but a place that feels right for themapproachable, open,and inviting.While we must sound official, do we need to always sound authoritarian?Many people who look at the site today dont feel welcome. This comes from a combination of factorslanguage and tone being primary among them. If the site makes us sound like were a know-it-all giving you the run-around, that hardly inspires confidence.When arriving at the newboston.gov, we want people to say ""I see people like me here,"" ""They talk to me like I'd like to be spoken to,"" and ""This is my kind of place.""Our challenge is to maintain confidence in the site's authority while not shutting people out by being too bossy or using complicated ""legalese"". Our tone of voice and the words we choose should be equal parts warm and official. Professional, but also friendly.Authoritative, yet approachable. There will be times when we need to just be officially ""City of Boston"", but we will always strive for balance.One final thing: inspiring confidence is more than just telling people what you know. Its also about being honest about what you dont know, with a promise to find out as fast as we can.We hope our focus on using plain language and a more welcoming tone will make these moments of vulnerability easier for us to share as the site grows."
MassArt3rd annual Massachusetts College of Art & Design Student Art Exhibition11/16-1/15 3rdFloor Scollay SquareGalleryBornof a pioneer.ng spirit, Massachusetts College of Art and Design is the nations first independent public college of art and designand the first art school to grant a degree.Just in time for the holidays the exhibition will showcase the talent and creativity of the students that currently attend this world-class art & design college. Curated by Elizabeth DiCicco, who organizes the Mass. Art Holiday sale every year, the exhibition will feature paintings, graphic design, sculpture, and jewelry.In the CanMayors Gallery 5thFloorDecember 2- January 15th, 2016This is a curated selection of works by Joanne Kaliontzis created from can labels. The exhibit features newer pieces that were made while at a residency at the Tides Institute of Art in Eastport, Maine in 2014. Eastport Maine was once the sardine capital of the world. The artwork was created from some of the hundreds of sardine labels that were part of the Tides Institutes collection from surrounding local canneries. The Diana Series is a tribute to Joannes Greek heritage and was made from a can of Kalamata Olive Oil found in a specialty store. Alaska Sockeye Salmon pieces were inspired from a search for an iconic image of the fish the one that seems to appear on all cans of salmon. Mackerel was made years ago for an Art in the Windows exhibit sponsored by the Somerville Arts Council. Joanne was given a Korean grocery store as a venue and wanted to use something from their shelves for the art.The Boston Illustration & Concept Art GroupDecember 1 - 31, 2015 4thFloor MezzanineThe Boston Illustration & Concept Art Group is a community of passionate artists who all share a mutual love of the entertainment industries, storytelling, learning, and creating. Our group meets at least once per month for different kinds of events that range from talks given by a featured artist, live demos, workshops, work reviews, sketching excursions, to gallery shows! We welcome anyone who works with any medium to attend our events. Whether youre a working professional, a hobbyist, student, or even an enthusiast of the arts, were sure youll have a great time meeting the varied and skilled local artists from all around the Greater Boston area (or wider if you dont mind coming out to see us!)
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that John Hanlon has been appointed Commissioner of the Property and Construction Management Department for the City of Boston. Hanlon, a Dorchester resident, brings over 13 years of nonprofit executive experience in management, budgeting, financial reporting, data analysis and professional development to his new position.""John brings an incredible amount of experience and knowledge to his new role as Commissioner,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to welcome him to the team and look forward to working with him to improve our buildings and public facilities to ensure that we are delivering the very best city services to the people of Boston. John's career in management and his local roots here in Boston's neighborhoods and nonprofit community make himwell-qualifiedto takethe helm of Boston's Property Management Department.I'm confident that under his leadership, all of our public facilities will be the well-maintained, clean and safe public spaces that our residents deserve."" In his role as Commissioner, Hanlon will serve in the Operations Cabinet and will provide leadership in the management, maintenance, repair, security, and operations of Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza, Faneuil Hall and many other municipal facilities city-wide. The department will focus on preserving and protecting the city's assets in a way that positively impacts the delivery of service and quality of life for Boston residents and employees.  Prior to accepting the role of Commissioner, Hanlon served as the Chief Operating Officer for Scholar Athletes, Inc., a nonprofit agency dedicated to ensuring high school athletes have the tools necessary to achieve success academically as well as athletically. He also served as a consultant at FSG, Inc. advising clients across sectors, including foundations, corporations, and educational entities, as well asthe Executive Director for the Dorchester Educational Enrichment Program (Project D.E.E.P.), focused on mentoring services for middle school youth. ""In countless ways, the good people in Property Management serve as the unseen guardians of so many positive elements of life within our great city, and I am humbled to work with them as the new Commissioner,"" said Hanlon. ""I look forward to leading the department into a new era of innovation and excellence for Boston City Hall, the plaza and all of our public facilities."" Hanlon holds a Master of Business Administration degree from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University, as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in Journalism from The College of Communication at Boston University. He is also a graduate of Boston Latin School. He currently resides in Dorchester with his wife Caroline and their four children Sydney, Jackie, Mallory, and Maggie. "
Today, the Boston Public Library (BPL) announced that a map believed stolen from the library more than a decade ago, has been located at a New York City antiques dealer, and has been returned. The map,Carte Geographique de Nouvelle France, compiled in 1612 by explorer Samuel de Champlain, was found for sale with an antiques dealer for $285,000. The map, which has prominent identifying marks, was discovered by Norman B. Leventhal Map Center curator, Ronald Grim, and a third party expert has confirmed its ownership. The map will be on display in the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Central Library in Copley Square from December 4, 2015 through February 29, 2016.I want to recognize Ronald Grim for his attention to detail and passion for his work at the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library, said Mayor Walsh. The library has one of the nations premier map collections, and Im pleased we have restored this centuries old historic map to the collection.This is a very significant collection managed by the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center. The combined holdings include nautical charts, ornate maps, atlases, and some of the earliest printed maps in the world, said David Leonard, Interim President of the BPL. I want to thank Ronald Grim for his incredible expertise and thoroughness in identifying this map and taking action to report it. The cultural and educational value of this collection will be all the stronger with its return. This return is a triumph of BPLs curatorial diligence and early digitization expertise at their best.I was stunned to come across the map, and thrilled to determine it indeed belongs to the Boston Public Library, said Grim. Im proud its been returned to its rightful home.Shortly after Grim arrived at the Boston Public Library in 2005, he discovered that the map was missing from a book describing Champlains exploration in North America,Les Voyages du Sieur de Champlain, published in Paris in 1613. He made this discovery while inventorying maps following the arrest of E. Forbes Smiley for the theft of maps at Yale University in June 2005. As a result of Grims inventory, it was determined that 69 maps out of BPL atlases and books were missing. Thirty-four of the missing items have since been recovered (not including the Champlain map), and Forbes Smiley confessed to stealing 34. Smiley served three years in jail for stealing historic maps from other institutions, including Yale University, New York Public Library, Harvard University, Newberry Library, and the British Library.Grim identified the missing Champlain map in an antiques publication earlier this summer, and compared the markings on the map being held at the dealer with a digital scan of a 4x5 inch negative of the map dating to 1992. The missing map has prominent tears on its left side, and a small hole at the juncture of two fold lines just above the middle tear. Despite conservation efforts since the item was in the BPLs possession, Grim was able to determine that the markings on the map are consistent with the BPLs digital record. A third party conservation expert, Scott Gerson, was retained, examined the map, and confirmed Grims findings. The antiques dealer, who has been fully cooperative with the BPL during this process, had been retained by a third party to sell the map on commission.Samuel de Champlain made 20 voyages across the Atlantic between 1603 and 1613, exploring much of eastern Canada and the coast of New England. Champlain compiled several maps related to his explorations, but theCarte Geographique de Nouvelle Francewas the first published map recording his early explorations. The map, which measures 17 inches by 30 inches, shows the coast of New England and the Canadian Maritime Provinces, and the St. Lawrence River Valley as far west as the Great Lakes. The map is adorned with depictions of Canadian flora and native peoples. The Leventhal Map Center assumed responsibility for the BPLs atlas and map collection in 2007.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website containing digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About the NORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTERThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps at maps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Alexis Tkachuk as the City of Boston's Director of Labor Relations. Tkachuk brings over fifteen years of experience in government and joins the Office of Labor Relations from the city's Law Department where she served as Chief of Staff since March 2014.""Alexis Tkachuk continues to show great skill in managing complex legal issues and leading on strategy development to negotiate some of the most important issues facing the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Alexis is a hardworking public servant and a talented lawyer, and she shares in my goal to bring trust and respect to labor relations in the city. I am confident that Alexis is the right fit for this role and I look forward to continuing to work with her.""""It has been an honor to serve in both state and city governments and I am thrilled to start work for the city's labor relations department,"" said Tkachuk. ""As a lifelong Bostonian now raising a family here I am keenly aware of the positive impacts an effective municipal government can bring to a community. I am dedicated to bringing a prudent and disciplined approach to labor relations for the city in order to afford opportunities for future generations of Boston residents.""With Mayor Walsh taking office in 2014, the City is now under contract with 39 of its 40 unions. The City also reached an agreement with its Public Employee Committee, comprised of representatives of its bargaining units, that will save the City over $45 million in the next five years on its health insurance costs. Contract negotiations for the next round of bargaining will begin next year.As Chief of Staff to the city's Law Department, Tkachuk oversaw day-to-day legal operations and litigation matters, led the outreach and selection process of the city's Boards and Commissions, analyzed the roles and responsibilities of various city departments and served as a senior advisor to the Mayor on a number of priority initiatives.Prior to joining the Walsh Administration, Tkachuk worked as an attorney for the Massachusetts House of Representatives and was responsible for reviewing, analyzing and managing negotiations for high-profile legislative proposals before the Judiciary Committee such as sex offender registration, gay marriage, drunk driving, the death penalty, CORI reform and judicial management. In addition, Tkachuk played a primary role in the development and passing of major legislation on a range of issues, including health care, education, and economic development. Tkachuk also worked for the Middlesex County District Attorney's Office.Tkachuk is a lifelong resident of Boston and was educated in the Boston Public School system, graduating from Boston Latin School. Tkachuk holds a bachelor's degree from Saint Anselm College and a law degree from Suffolk University Law School. Tkachuk was admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 2005. She is also a longtime board member of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston.Tkachuk lives in Charlestown with her husband, Kevin, and her son, Jack."
"BOSTON -Friday, December 4, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Alexis Tkachuk as the City of Boston's Director of Labor Relations. Tkachuk brings over fifteen years of experience in government and joins the Office of Labor Relations from the city's Law Department where she served as Chief of Staff since March 2014.""Alexis Tkachuk continues to show great skill in managing complex legal issues and leading on strategy development to negotiate some of the most important issues facing the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Alexis is a hardworking public servant and a talented lawyer, and she shares in my goal to bring trust and respect to labor relations in the city. I am confident that Alexis is the right fit for this role and I look forward to continuing to work with her.""""It has been an honor to serve in both state and city governments and I am thrilled to start work for the city's labor relations department,"" said Tkachuk. ""As a lifelong Bostonian now raising a family here I am keenly aware of the positive impacts an effective municipal government can bring to a community. I am dedicated to bringing a prudent and disciplined approach to labor relations for the city in order to afford opportunities for future generations of Boston residents.""With Mayor Walsh taking office in 2014, the City is now under contract with 39 of its 40 unions. The City also reached an agreement with its Public Employee Committee, comprised of representatives of its bargaining units, that will save the City over $45 million in the next five years on its health insurance costs. Contract negotiations for the next round of bargaining will begin next year.As Chief of Staff to the city's Law Department, Tkachuk oversaw day-to-day legal operations and litigation matters, led the outreach and selection process of the city's Boards and Commissions, analyzed the roles and responsibilities of various city departments and served as a senior advisor to the Mayor on a number of priority initiatives.Prior to joining the Walsh Administration, Tkachuk worked as an attorney for the Massachusetts House of Representatives and was responsible for reviewing, analyzing and managing negotiations for high-profile legislative proposals before the Judiciary Committee such as sex offender registration, gay marriage, drunk driving, the death penalty, CORI reform and judicial management. In addition, Tkachuk played a primary role in the development and passing of major legislation on a range of issues, including health care, education, and economic development. Tkachuk also worked for the Middlesex County District Attorney's Office.Tkachuk is a lifelong resident of Boston and was educated in the Boston Public School system, graduating from Boston Latin School. Tkachuk holds a bachelor's degree from Saint Anselm College and a law degree from Suffolk University Law School. Tkachuk was admitted to practice law in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in 2005. She is also a longtime board member of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Boston.Tkachuk lives in Charlestown with her husband, Kevin, and her son, Jack."
"BOSTON -Friday, December 4, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that John Hanlon has been appointed Commissioner of the Property and Construction Management Department for the City of Boston. Hanlon, a Dorchester resident, brings over 13 years of nonprofit executive experience in management, budgeting, financial reporting, data analysis and professional development to his new position.""John brings an incredible amount of experience and knowledge to his new role as Commissioner,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to welcome him to the team and look forward to working with him to improve our buildings and public facilities to ensure that we are delivering the very best city services to the people of Boston. John's career in management and his local roots here in Boston's neighborhoods and nonprofit community make himwell-qualifiedto takethe helm of Boston's Property Management Department.I'm confident that under his leadership, all of our public facilities will be the well-maintained, clean and safe public spaces that our residents deserve."" In his role as Commissioner, Hanlon will serve in the Operations Cabinet and will provide leadership in the management, maintenance, repair, security, and operations of Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza, Faneuil Hall and many other municipal facilities city-wide. The department will focus on preserving and protecting the city's assets in a way that positively impacts the delivery of service and quality of life for Boston residents and employees.  Prior to accepting the role of Commissioner, Hanlon served as the Chief Operating Officer for Scholar Athletes, Inc., a nonprofit agency dedicated to ensuring high school athletes have the tools necessary to achieve success academically as well as athletically. He also served as a consultant at FSG, Inc. advising clients across sectors, including foundations, corporations, and educational entities, as well asthe Executive Director for the Dorchester Educational Enrichment Program (Project D.E.E.P.), focused on mentoring services for middle school youth. ""In countless ways, the good people in Property Management serve as the unseen guardians of so many positive elements of life within our great city, and I am humbled to work with them as the new Commissioner,"" said Hanlon. ""I look forward to leading the department into a new era of innovation and excellence for Boston City Hall, the plaza and all of our public facilities."" Hanlon holds a Master of Business Administration degree from The Fuqua School of Business at Duke University, as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in Journalism from The College of Communication at Boston University. He is also a graduate of Boston Latin School. He currently resides in Dorchester with his wife Caroline and their four children Sydney, Jackie, Mallory, and Maggie."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that theCity of Boston received an international award today at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) for its leadership in tackling climate change, through the Greenovate Boston Initiative. The award for ""Smart Cities and Smart Community Engagement"" was announced by the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) at their third-annual award ceremony at the global climate talks in Paris.""I am proud that our efforts in Boston are being recognized on the global stage,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This award is a well-deserved honor for our entire community for our shared commitment to leaving a better Boston for the next generation.""The C40 Cities Awards, sponsored in part by Bloomberg Philanthropies, provide global recognition for cities demonstrating top policies and programs that reduce emissions and improve sustainability. The City of Boston's ""Smart Cities and Smart Community Engagement"" award recognized community engagement and participation in the City's 2014 Updated Climate Action Plan through Greenovate Boston. Greenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing Boston greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out steps that all Bostonians can take to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives the Boston community a framework for building a greener, healthier, and more prosperous city. To learn more about Greenovate Boston, visithttp://www.GreenovateBoston.org. ""We're honored to be recognized as a climate leader for our work with Greenovate Boston, especially on a global stage,"" said Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon who attended the award ceremony in Paris. ""We have a lot to learn from other cities for their innovative and ambitious climate solutions. And that's exactly why we're here -- to share and learn."" In addition to the award, the City of Boston celebrates its compliance with the Compact of Mayors -- an important measure in achieving its climate commitments by providing a more transparent platform for Boston's climate progress. By fully complying with the Compact of Mayors, Mayor Walsh reinforces Boston's commitment of being a leader in tackling climate change. The Compact of Mayors is the world's largest coalition of city leaders addressing climate change by pledging to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, tracking their progress, and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The Compact was launch at the2014 United Nations Climate Summit by U.N Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and his Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, Michael R. Bloomberg, under the leadership of the world's global city networks including C40.To learn more about Boston's commitment to the Compact of Mayors, read:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=20330About the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40):The C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, now in its 10th year, connects more than 80 of the world's greatest cities, representing 600+ million people and one-quarter of the global economy. Created and led by cities, C40 is focused on tackling climate change and driving urban action that reduces greenhouse gas emissions and climate risks, while increasing the health, wellbeing and economic opportunities of urban citizens. The current chair of the C40 is Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes three-term Mayor of New York City Michael R. Bloomberg serves as President of the Board. C40's work is made possible by our three strategic funders: Bloomberg Philanthropies, Children's Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF), and Realdania. To learn more about the work of C40 and our cities, please visitwww.c40.org, follow us on Twitter@c40citiesand like us on Facebook athttp://www.facebook.com/C40Cities. For more information on the Awards and the projects of the Winning cities, go to:http://www.c40.org/awards"
"BOSTON -Thursday, December 3, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that theCity of Boston received an international award today at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) for its leadership in tackling climate change, through the Greenovate Boston Initiative. The award for ""Smart Cities and Smart Community Engagement"" was announced by the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) at their third-annual award ceremony at the global climate talks in Paris.""I am proud that our efforts in Boston are being recognized on the global stage,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This award is a well-deserved honor for our entire community for our shared commitment to leaving a better Boston for the next generation.""The C40 Cities Awards, sponsored in part by Bloomberg Philanthropies, provide global recognition for cities demonstrating top policies and programs that reduce emissions and improve sustainability. The City of Boston's ""Smart Cities and Smart Community Engagement"" award recognized community engagement and participation in the City's 2014 Updated Climate Action Plan through Greenovate Boston. Greenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing Boston greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out steps that all Bostonians can take to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives the Boston community a framework for building a greener, healthier, and more prosperous city. To learn more about Greenovate Boston, visithttp://www.GreenovateBoston.org. ""We're honored to be recognized as a climate leader for our work with Greenovate Boston, especially on a global stage,"" said Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon who attended the award ceremony in Paris. ""We have a lot to learn from other cities for their innovative and ambitious climate solutions. And that's exactly why we're here -- to share and learn."" In addition to the award, the City of Boston celebrates its compliance with the Compact of Mayors -- an important measure in achieving its climate commitments by providing a more transparent platform for Boston's climate progress. By fully complying with the Compact of Mayors, Mayor Walsh reinforces Boston's commitment of being a leader in tackling climate change. The Compact of Mayors is the world's largest coalition of city leaders addressing climate change by pledging to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, tracking their progress, and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The Compact was launch at the2014 United Nations Climate Summit by U.N Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and his Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, Michael R. Bloomberg, under the leadership of the world's global city networks including C40.To learn more about Boston's commitment to the Compact of Mayors, read:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=20330About the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40):The C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, now in its 10th year, connects more than 80 of the world's greatest cities, representing 600+ million people and one-quarter of the global economy. Created and led by cities, C40 is focused on tackling climate change and driving urban action that reduces greenhouse gas emissions and climate risks, while increasing the health, wellbeing and economic opportunities of urban citizens. The current chair of the C40 is Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes three-term Mayor of New York City Michael R. Bloomberg serves as President of the Board. C40's work is made possible by our three strategic funders: Bloomberg Philanthropies, Children's Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF), and Realdania. To learn more about the work of C40 and our cities, please visitwww.c40.org, follow us on Twitter@c40citiesand like us on Facebook athttp://www.facebook.com/C40Cities. For more information on the Awards and the projects of the Winning cities, go to:http://www.c40.org/awards"
Boston Public Library locations will host a variety of literary events this month, with topics ranging from the history of tea to the American maritime industry and more:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Carl brings a tremendous amount of experience and dedication to further our work in preparing Boston for the effects of climate change and making sure we're leading by example, said Mayor Walsh. ""As world leaders meet in Paris this week to address global climate change, Boston is fortunate to have a pioneer like Carl representing the City.""Spector will join other leaders from the City and around the globe this week in Paris for the U.N. Climate Change Conference (COP21), where Boston is a C40 Cities Award finalist for its community engagement work for Greenovate Boston.""I am honored by the opportunity that Mayor Walsh and Chief Blackmon have given me to continue the advancement of Boston's acclaimed programs in climate, energy, environmental protection, and historic preservation,"" said Spector. ""I look forward to working with all members of the Boston community in these vital areas.""Spector will serve in the Environment, Energy, and Open Space Cabinet under the guidance of Chief Austin Blackmon, and will lead the City's efforts to protect built and natural environments and oversee policies and programs on environmental issues affecting Boston.""Carl has extensive leadership experience on climate action and environmental protection,"" said Chief Blackmon. ""I'm confident that his continued commitment to the City will take us even further in addressing climate change.""Spector has served in the City's Environment Department for over a decade, most recently as the Director of Climate and Environmental Planning. During this time he led the development and implementation of the City's ongoing climate mitigation and adaptation plans, starting with the City's first climate action plan in 2007. Additionally, he spearheaded the City's efforts to establish Boston's Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) and the Diesel Emissions Reduction Ordinance (DERO).Prior to his time with the City, he worked in government and private industry on energy, environment, and other matters, including at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Government Accountability Office (GAO).Spector received his B.A. in Physics from Princeton University and his M.S. in Environmental Science for the University of Massachusetts, Boston. He currently lives in Jamaica Plain with his wife Marilu, who is an artist, and their son Jonah."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Bob Gallery, President of Bank of America Massachusetts, has been elected Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. Bob Gallery and Cheryl Cronin, Partner at Cronin & Leonard LLP, were sworn-in to serve on the BPL Board of Trustees on Monday, November 23, and participated in the Board's special meeting this morning at the Central Library in Copley Square.""Bob Gallery's and Cheryl Cronin's exceptional experience will bring the valuable perspective to the board,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Both Bob and Cheryl have a proven track record of success in their respective industries and will make a perfect fit for leading the nation's first large, free municipal library. I thank them for their willingness to serve in this capacity, and look forward to seeing the collective work of the board in its efforts to make our library system accessible assets for the people of Boston, the Commonwealth, and visitors from all around the world.""""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees, together with Mayor Walsh, are providing renewed strategic guidance and oversight for the library's mission as a whole,"" said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. ""I look forward to the new insights and deep experience that Bob Gallery and Cheryl Cronin will bring to their Board roles, and to the work and innovations we are committed to, serving the residents of Boston and the Commonwealth.""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees establishes policies and long-term goals of the library, oversees the general operating and administrative policies, and acts as an agent of public trust governing the library. The BPL Board of Trustees works together with the library president to carry out responsibilities that involve governance and policy-making, finances, strategic planning, human resources, and continuing education affairs.""It is an honor to be appointed to the Boston Public Library's Board of Trustees and I am humbled to be elected to serve as Chair,"" said Gallery. ""The role the Boston Public Library plays in this city, in the lives of residents and for visitors is tremendous and I am dedicated to strengthening our system and continuing to provide additional resources to the community. I would like to thank Mayor Walsh and my colleagues on the board for this opportunity, I look forward to working together for a brighter future for the Boston Public Library.""""I have been passionate about the Boston Public Library for 25 years since I first began visiting it with my sons when they were young,"" said Cronin. ""The BPL is an iconic revered institution that plays such an integral part in enriching the lives of our children as well as adults. It is a real privilege to serve the Library and city in this way, and I thank Mayor Walsh for this wonderful opportunity.""Full biographies of the new board appointees are included below:Robert Gallery, President of Bank of America MassachusettsRobert Gallery serves as Bank of America Massachusetts president, providing business, civic and philanthropic leadership for the company throughout the Commonwealth. Gallery joined predecessor institution Bank Boston in 1991 and has held a number of positions including managing director of U.S. Trust/Private Wealth Management for Greater Boston, various leadership roles in the Corporate-Investment Bank for FleetBoston, and head of Bank Boston's European business while based in London. Earlier, Gallery held a number of positions at First Chicago in corporate banking and strategic planning from 1975 to 1991. He joined the organization's Boston office in 1981 and served as regional manager from 1986 to 1989.Gallery serves on several nonprofit boards, including the United Way of Massachusetts Bay & Merrimack Valley, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston, and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He is a trustee of the Boston Plan for Excellence, a public/private partnership focused on driving outcomes for all students by developing great teachers and great schools. Between 2012-2014, he was chairman of the Board of Overseers at WGBH, Boston's public broadcasting station for television, radio, and the internet. Gallery served as chairman of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce from 2010 - 2012.Gallery is a graduate of Loyola University Chicago, B.A., and Northwestern University, M.B.A.Cheryl Cronin, Partner at Cronin & Leonard LLP Cronin began her professional career as the first General Counsel of the Office of Campaign & Political Finance, where she was responsible for bringing to fair conclusion many public and sometimes controversial matters. She served as Legislative Counsel to the Attorney General of the Commonwealth, and was responsible for the drafting of comprehensive legislation and playing a key role in advancing legislation through the legislature and the Governor's office. In private practice for many years since her public service, Cronin has represented individuals, nonprofit organizations and small and large companies in matters before public agencies at all levels of government.With a particular interest in projects and organizations that focus on the vitality of the city, Cronin has served in organizations, such as Board of the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority and the Strategic Development Study Committee which authored ""A Civic Vision for Turnpike Air Rights in Boston."" She served as Chair of the Citizen's Advisory Committee for the development of ""Boylston Square,"" Boston. She was the General Counsel and a Board Member for the Host Committee for the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston. She served as a Member of the Board of the Greenway Conservancy. She was a Member of the University of Massachusetts Amherst Foundation Board, a Member of the Board of the Alliance for Business Leadership and a Member of the Board of the National Center for Time & Learning/Mass 2020. She has served as a finance chair for numerous state and federal political campaigns. In addition to other volunteer activities, she currently serves on the Board of Sail Boston, which is working with Mayor Walsh to bring the Tall Ships to Boston in 2017. She was named a Massachusetts Lawyer of the Year for her work related to the 2004 Democratic National Convention and received the Eleanor Roosevelt Award from the Massachusetts Democratic Party and the Abigail Adams Award from the Massachusetts Women's Political Caucus. She has been on Boston Magazine's lists of 50 Most Powerful Women in Boston.Cronin is a graduate of Boston College Law School and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and currently resides in Boston with her husband and sons."
"BOSTON -Monday, November 30, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Bob Gallery, President of Bank of America Massachusetts, has been elected Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. Bob Gallery and Cheryl Cronin, Partner at Cronin & Leonard LLP, were sworn-in to serve on the BPL Board of Trustees on Monday, November 23, and participated in the Board's special meeting this morning at the Central Library in Copley Square.""Bob Gallery's and Cheryl Cronin's exceptional experience will bring the valuable perspective to the board,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Both Bob and Cheryl have a proven track record of success in their respective industries and will make a perfect fit for leading the nation's first large, free municipal library. I thank them for their willingness to serve in this capacity, and look forward to seeing the collective work of the board in its efforts to make our library system accessible assets for the people of Boston, the Commonwealth, and visitors from all around the world.""""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees, together with Mayor Walsh, are providing renewed strategic guidance and oversight for the library's mission as a whole,"" said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. ""I look forward to the new insights and deep experience that Bob Gallery and Cheryl Cronin will bring to their Board roles, and to the work and innovations we are committed to, serving the residents of Boston and the Commonwealth.""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees establishes policies and long-term goals of the library, oversees the general operating and administrative policies, and acts as an agent of public trust governing the library. The BPL Board of Trustees works together with the library president to carry out responsibilities that involve governance and policy-making, finances, strategic planning, human resources, and continuing education affairs.""It is an honor to be appointed to the Boston Public Library's Board of Trustees and I am humbled to be elected to serve as Chair,"" said Gallery. ""The role the Boston Public Library plays in this city, in the lives of residents and for visitors is tremendous and I am dedicated to strengthening our system and continuing to provide additional resources to the community. I would like to thank Mayor Walsh and my colleagues on the board for this opportunity, I look forward to working together for a brighter future for the Boston Public Library.""""I have been passionate about the Boston Public Library for 25 years since I first began visiting it with my sons when they were young,"" said Cronin. ""The BPL is an iconic revered institution that plays such an integral part in enriching the lives of our children as well as adults. It is a real privilege to serve the Library and city in this way, and I thank Mayor Walsh for this wonderful opportunity.""Full biographies of the new board appointees are included below:Robert Gallery, President of Bank of America MassachusettsRobert Gallery serves as Bank of America Massachusetts president, providing business, civic and philanthropic leadership for the company throughout the Commonwealth. Gallery joined predecessor institution Bank Boston in 1991 and has held a number of positions including managing director of U.S. Trust/Private Wealth Management for Greater Boston, various leadership roles in the Corporate-Investment Bank for FleetBoston, and head of Bank Boston's European business while based in London. Earlier, Gallery held a number of positions at First Chicago in corporate banking and strategic planning from 1975 to 1991. He joined the organization's Boston office in 1981 and served as regional manager from 1986 to 1989.Gallery serves on several nonprofit boards, including the United Way of Massachusetts Bay & Merrimack Valley, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston, and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He is a trustee of the Boston Plan for Excellence, a public/private partnership focused on driving outcomes for all students by developing great teachers and great schools. Between 2012-2014, he was chairman of the Board of Overseers at WGBH, Boston's public broadcasting station for television, radio, and the internet. Gallery served as chairman of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce from 2010 - 2012.Gallery is a graduate of Loyola University Chicago, B.A., and Northwestern University, M.B.A.Cheryl Cronin, Partner at Cronin & Leonard LLP Cronin began her professional career as the first General Counsel of the Office of Campaign & Political Finance, where she was responsible for bringing to fair conclusion many public and sometimes controversial matters. She served as Legislative Counsel to the Attorney General of the Commonwealth, and was responsible for the drafting of comprehensive legislation and playing a key role in advancing legislation through the legislature and the Governor's office. In private practice for many years since her public service, Cronin has represented individuals, nonprofit organizations and small and large companies in matters before public agencies at all levels of government.With a particular interest in projects and organizations that focus on the vitality of the city, Cronin has served in organizations, such as Board of the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority and the Strategic Development Study Committee which authored ""A Civic Vision for Turnpike Air Rights in Boston."" She served as Chair of the Citizen's Advisory Committee for the development of ""Boylston Square,"" Boston. She was the General Counsel and a Board Member for the Host Committee for the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston. She served as a Member of the Board of the Greenway Conservancy. She was a Member of the University of Massachusetts Amherst Foundation Board, a Member of the Board of the Alliance for Business Leadership and a Member of the Board of the National Center for Time & Learning/Mass 2020. She has served as a finance chair for numerous state and federal political campaigns. In addition to other volunteer activities, she currently serves on the Board of Sail Boston, which is working with Mayor Walsh to bring the Tall Ships to Boston in 2017.She was named a Massachusetts Lawyer of the Year for her work related to the 2004 Democratic National Convention and received the Eleanor Roosevelt Award from the Massachusetts Democratic Party and the Abigail Adams Award from the Massachusetts Women's Political Caucus. She has been on Boston Magazine's lists of 50 Most Powerful Women in Boston.Cronin is a graduate of Boston College Law School and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and currently resides in Boston with her husband and sons."
Look for suggestion boxes at your local library, health center, police department, and other community locations and submit your ideas with good old fashioned pen and paper. Tell us which issues matter the most to you, your family, and your community.Check out the map of locations below to find your nearest suggestion box, or view a list of the suggestion box locations. There are a number ofadditional waysto give us your feedback about what you want the future of Boston to be. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. Want to receive Imagine Boston updates? Sign up.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued safety tips ahead of the launch of the holiday season.""While residents are enjoying this holiday, it is always important to exercise caution,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage the public to review our safety guidelines and be safe this holiday season."" CookingWhen cooking large items such as turkeys, always make sure to have the proper sized pan to prevent the overflow of hot liquids on to the stove or a person.Never leave the stove area unattended.Familiarize yourself with how to contain a grease fire. Having a small fire extinguisher nearby is always a good idea. They are readily available at local home improvement stores. Keeping combustible items away from the stove is also recommended.If frying a turkey outdoors, start with having the propane tank and the burner at least two feet apart. This is to be done on the ground away from items that can burn such as porches, garages and trees and leaves. Use a turkey in the 8-10 pound range that is thawed out and dry.If grilling outdoors remember that charcoal grills must be on the ground away from the house. Propane grills can be on the first floor porch as long as there are stairs to the ground and there is some clearance from the home.To help protect pipes, avoid pouring fats, oils and grease down drains. Let fats, oils and grease cool and dispose in a container, in the trash receptacle.In all cases when cooking, it is best to keep children and pets away from the cooking area. CandlesSpecial precautions are needed to burn candles safely. Use candle holders that have a firm base and keep candles away from combustible materials such as wreaths, trees, curtains, and paper decorations. Never leave candles unattended, and always extinguish candles before going to sleep. Christmas TreesWhen purchasing a Christmas tree, select only a freshly cut tree. The needles should not be falling off from dryness.When you place the tree inside, start with a tree stand that has a water receptacle and is non-tip. The stem of the tree should be cut diagonally to allow the tree to soak up water from the stand.Water should be added twice daily to prevent the tree from drying out.For stability, consider adding some wire near the treetop and run it to nearby walls.If you prefer artificial trees, purchase those that are flame retardant.Trees should be at least three feet away from heat sources such as fireplaces, candles, and heating equipment.Never block an exit with the tree.Remove trees as soon as possible after the holidays. The Public Works Department will collect Christmas trees for composting fromJanuary 4 -15. Don't put them in plastic bags and make sure to take off decorations. Place curbside by7 AMon recycling day.Holiday LightsUse only Underwriters Laboratory (UL) approved lighting.Start by a careful examination of the lights. Before plugging a set of lights in, look for cracked sockets, frayed, loose or bare wires, and loose connections that could cause an electric shock or start a fire.Never overload your electrical system. Do not connect more than three light sets together.Whether on a tree or on the house never staple or nail the light sets. Lights should be unplugged during the night. Fire Safe ToysWhen buying children's presents, avoid toys made of highly flammable materials and make sure that all electric toys have the label of an independent testing laboratory such as Underwriters Laboratory (UL). Heating Systems, Fireplaces & ChimneysHeating systems, fireplaces and chimneys should be looked at and serviced by professionals.For fireplaces, burn only appropriate material and never burn trash or paper. Always use a fireplace screen and dispose of the ashes in a proper metal container. Smoke DetectorsMassachusetts law requires a working smoke detector outside of each separate sleeping area and one on each level of the home, including at the base of each stairway.Make sure toddlers and older children can recognize the sound of a smoke detector and know how to respond. Teach children never to hide under a bed or in a closet when a detector sounds. Families should also have a meeting place outside in the case of fire. Portable HeatersPortable heaters are not meant to be the main heat source for a home.Electric powered portable heaters should never be left on while sleeping and must be kept at least three feet away from combustible materials. Use only UL approved heaters that shut off automatically when tipped and always follow the manufacturer's directions on use.  Liquid fueled space heaters such as those filled with kerosene are illegal for indoor use in Massachusetts. Carbon Monoxide (CO) DetectorsCarbon Monoxide (CO) is a colorless, tasteless, odorless toxic gas, which is produced when fuel burns. CO poisoning occurs most often from faulty heating equipment such as furnaces not properly vented, a blocked chimney flue or a malfunctioning stove.Exposure to CO can cause headaches, dizziness, weakness, nausea, vomiting or loss of muscle control. The best first aid for CO poisoning is plenty of fresh air followed by immediate medical treatment.CO detectors are now required in the homes by law. They must be within 10 feet of sleeping areas. In addition, they need to be on every level of the home including the basement and attached garages. Look for UL approved detectors and follow the manufacturer's instructions for placement and operation. "
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston is scaling up the Project Oscar community composting pilot program to include City Hall Plaza, in addition to three new neighborhood locations. Residents will now be able to drop-off their food scraps at Grove Hall Plaza in Dorchester, Curtis Hall Community Center in Jamaica Plain, Faneuil Gardens Housing Development in Brighton, as well City Hall Plaza. These four new sites are in addition to the two existing bins in the North End and East Boston.Project Oscar demonstrates how community-driven participation can contribute to finding solutions that are in the best interest for all of us, said Mayor Walsh. Were all rolling up our sleevesincluding City Hallto make progress on climate action, and this is an important step in exploring different waste management options.Nearly 200 Boston residents participated in the pilot program in the North End and East Boston in the fall of 2014, where feedback was collected through a community participation survey advertised at local farmers markets and community events. Because of the success of the pilot locations  where in the past six months, 13,500 pounds of food waste have been diverted  four new sites were chosen to expand the free composting program across the City of Boston.Expanding organic waste diversion opportunities builds on the leadership were already seeing from businesses and state policies addressing this critical resource management issue, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space.Project Oscar is an initiative run in collaboration with the Department of Public Works, the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives, Greenovate Boston, and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics. It builds on the Citys continued efforts to increase residential composting options throughout Boston, and works towards meeting the food waste diversion goals set forth in the Citys 2014 Climate Action Plan. Diverting organics not only helps to mitigate the primary cause of climate change, but it also promotes a closed-loop waste management system that more efficiently uses resources.Tosha Baker, Director of the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives commented, My sincere hope is to create a more comprehensive and holistic look at food in our City we support initiatives that can contribute to a thriving urban agriculture environment.The new Project Oscar community drop-off sites in Brighton, Dorchester, Jamaica Plain, and Downtown are open now to all neighborhood residents interested in participating. Community bins will be emptied weekly by the Department of Public Works, and collected food scraps will continue to be taken to Rocky Hill Farm in Saugus, MA.To find out more information about Project Oscar, email Oscar@Boston.gov, call the Environment Department at 617-635-3850, or visit our website athttp://www.greenovateboston.org/project_oscar_composting_program.
Curious how we arrived at our four Strategic Principles? Check outthis post.The first major test of ourour new web site is not just whether the site has all the right features and information. It also has to have the right attitude.It has to remind people with every interaction that it was designed by humans.And it was made for humans. Direct without sounding like we have more important things to do. Helpful without sounding like know-it-alls.By making it easier to get permits, understand parking bans, learn about leaf pickup and find neighborhood events, people will stop thinking of us as a faceless bureaucracy and see the people behind the processes. People will start thinking City Hall has a soul.We know that a smarter website will be a blessing not only to citizens, but also City employees. It means they spend less time acting as a switchboard operator, or repeatedly providing information that common sense (and user research) tells us should be easily found online. A smarter website frees employees to do what they do best  act as problem solvers for our residents.At a time when many people anticipate bureaucracies becoming less and less navigable, demonstrating our humanity would not only be a great relief to the citizens of Boston. It would also be a wonderful surprise.So, at every step along the way we will be asking ourselves: Does this aspect of the website make us feel more helpful and more human? If it does, we keep it. If it doesnt, we dump it and search for a better way.
BOSTONWednesday, November 25, 2015Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston is scaling up the Project Oscar community composting pilot program to include City Hall Plaza, in addition to three new neighborhood locations. Residents will now be able to drop-off their food scraps at Grove Hall Plaza in Dorchester, Curtis Hall Community Center in Jamaica Plain, Faneuil Gardens Housing Development in Brighton, as well City Hall Plaza. These four new sites are in addition to the two existing bins in the North End and East Boston.Project Oscar demonstrates how community-driven participation can contribute to finding solutions that are in the best interest for all of us, said Mayor Walsh. Were all rolling up our sleevesincluding City Hallto make progress on climate action, and this is an important step in exploring different waste management options.Nearly 200 Boston residents participated in the pilot program in the North End and East Boston in the fall of 2014, where feedback was collected through a community participation survey advertised at local farmers markets and community events. Because of the success of the pilot locations  where in the past six months, 13,500 pounds of food waste have been diverted  four new sites were chosen to expand the free composting program across the City of Boston.Expanding organic waste diversion opportunities builds on the leadership were already seeing from businesses and state policies addressing this critical resource management issue, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space.Project Oscar is an initiative run in collaboration with the Department of Public Works, the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives, Greenovate Boston, and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics. It builds on the Citys continued efforts to increase residential composting options throughout Boston, and works towards meeting the food waste diversion goals set forth in the Citys 2014 Climate Action Plan. Diverting organics not only helps to mitigate the primary cause of climate change, but it also promotes a closed-loop waste management system that more efficiently uses resources.Tosha Baker, Director of the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives commented, My sincere hope is to create a more comprehensive and holistic look at food in our City we support initiatives that can contribute to a thriving urban agriculture environment.The new Project Oscar community drop-off sites in Brighton, Dorchester, Jamaica Plain, and Downtown are open now to all neighborhood residents interested in participating. Community bins will be emptied weekly by the Department of Public Works, and collected food scraps will continue to be taken to Rocky Hill Farm in Saugus, MA.To find out more information about Project Oscar, email Oscar@Boston.gov, call the Environment Department at 617-635-3850, or visit our website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department are inviting residents and visitors to use theParkBostonapp and receive two hours of free parking at all metered spaces in the City this holiday season. The two free hours may be used from Friday, November 27th through the end of the day on Saturday, January 2nd. The ParkBoston app must be used and code 617617 should be entered to take advantage of this offer.I encourage all of our residents and visitors to take advantage of free parking and shop locally in our Main Street businesses,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By creating incentives to bring people out to our neighborhoods, we are fueling our economy and giving back to our community.""ParkBoston is a customer service enhancement that allows people to pay by smart phone to park in metered spaces on all local City of Boston streets, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are pleased that we were able to just recently complete the full implementation of the project to provide this innovative amenity to Bostons residents and visitors during this busy time of year.The free ParkBoston app is available through the App Store or Google Play for IPhone and Android users, and a pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones. Each ParkBoston account will be allowed the use of this special 617617 code once.ParkBoston users are encouraged to share this information with family and friends so that as many people as possible can visit their favorite restaurant, shop or theater in the City of Boston over the upcoming holidays.For more information on the Park Boston app please visit park.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department are inviting residents and visitors to use theParkBostonapp and receive two hours of free parking at all metered spaces in the City this holiday season. The two free hours may be used from Friday, November 27,through the end of the day on Saturday, January 2. The ParkBoston app must be used and code 617617 should be entered to take advantage of this offer.I encourage all of our residents and visitors to take advantage of free parking and shop locally in our Main Street businesses,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By creating incentives to bring people out to our neighborhoods, we are fueling our economy and giving back to our community.""ParkBoston is a customer service enhancement that allows people to pay by smart phone to park in metered spaces on all local City of Boston streets, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are pleased that we were able to just recently complete the full implementation of the project to provide this innovative amenity to Bostons residents and visitors during this busy time of year.The free ParkBoston app is available through the App Store or Google Play for IPhone and Android users, and a pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones. Each ParkBoston account will be allowed the use of this special 617617 code once.ParkBoston users are encouraged to share this information with family and friends so that as many people as possible can visit their favorite restaurant, shop or theater in the City of Boston over the upcoming holidays.Visit the ParkBoston website"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment, luminARTZ,ArtsBostonand the GreaterBostonConvention & Visitors Bureau to announce new and returning holiday season initiatives for residents and visitors ofBostonto enjoy.""We are proud to have strong partners like luminARTZ,ArtsBoston, the GreaterBostonConvention & Visitors Bureau and the Highland Street Foundation, to provide our City's residents and visitors with countless opportunities to experienceBoston'sarts and culture this holiday season,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By investing in ourartsand tourism sector, we are fueling our local economy and creating a strongerBostonfor generations to come.""Mayor's Celebration of LightsRunningDecember 17-20, 2015,The Mayor's Celebration of Lights, Lights ofBostonpresented by luminARTZ will transform the Dartmouth Street side of theBostonPublic Library with 3D projections, sharing the message of peace, hope and unity each evening from5:00 p.m. until 10:00 p.m., looping every 10 minutes. The light installation is the first of its time in the United States, and is produced by artist Anthony Bastic of AGB Events best known for theVivid Sydney Light Walkand theLights of Christmasprojections in Sydney, Australia.LuminArtz is making a donation toThe Massachusetts Fallen Heroesand would like to ask everyone to remember our Heroes during in the Holiday Season.12th Annual Mayor's Holiday SpecialThe twelfth annual Mayor's Holiday Special presented by Highland Street Foundation, and produced byArtsBoston, is a two month celebration of the area's performingarts, featuring hundreds of great deals to over 100 holiday shows, dining deals and an online calendar of free festivities throughout the city. This year's Mayor's Holiday Special (www.MayorsHoliday.com) features all the local favorites includingBostonBallet's The Nutcracker, Holiday Pops celebrating Keith Lockhart in his 20th anniversary season, Anthony William's 15th Anniversary of the Urban Nutcracker, Handel and Haydn Society's Messiah, Jos Mateo Ballet Theatre's The Nutcracker as part of their 30th Anniversary season, and Black Nativity presented by National Center of Afro-American Artists. Plus contemporary and nontraditional options are included like Elf the Musical presented by Citi PerformingArtsCenter, Disney's The Little Mermaid presented by Fiddlehead Theatre Company and Buyer and Cellar presented by Lyric Stage Company ofBoston. Tickets for Mayor's Holiday 2015 are on sale now atMayorsHoliday.comand at both BosTix Booth locations at Copley Square and Faneuil Hall Marketplace.""There's a reason whyHoliday Pops, Boston Ballet's The Nutcracker, Langston Hughes'Black Nativity and Hanukkah: The Festival of Lightsat the Museum of FineArtsare such popular traditions: we crave and revel in the shared experience with our friends and family that these holiday performances give us, and in the feeling of belonging where live,"" said Catherine Peterson, Executive Director ofArtsBoston. ""Mayor's Holiday makes it easy, makes it affordable and makes sure there's something for everyone to enjoy.""""Exciting, free events like ""Lights of Boston"" paired with world-class performances as part of Mayor's Holiday Special reinforces our region as a can't miss destination for touristsduring the holidays,"" says Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau President Pat Moscaritolo. ""Taking time to enjoy the amazing array of local, live arts offerings, restaurants, and hotels allows you to share an experience that is totally unique to Greater Boston.""The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, low cost and free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Bank of America and Highland Street Foundation.www.cityofboston.gov/visitors"
The photo booth will be set up at various locations around the city and guests are invited to snap a selfie in front of our fun, futuristic photo backdrop which we will also be sharing on our social channels (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. We encourage all those who live, work or play in Boston to stop by the photo booth, learn more about the Imagine Boston 2030 citywide planning initiative, and share their vision for Bostons future. A full list of photo booth dates and locations is below:We hope to see you at one of our events! But if you cant make it, there are a number ofadditional waysto give us your feedback about what you want the future of Boston to be.
"At the celebration held at POP Allston in theAllston Village Main Street District, Mayor Walsh announced a series of initiatives to drive traffic to local business districts, including the Mayor's ""5 on Main"" challenge, the return of the popular Acoustic on Main for the holiday season, and a plan for shoppers to enjoy two free hours of metered parking using the new ParkBoston app on any day of their choice fromFriday, November 27throughSaturday, January 2. ""I'm challenging every holiday shopper to enjoy what our Main Street Districts have to offer this holiday season by participating in the '5 on Main' challenge,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Our Main Street districts are an important part of our local economy. Outof every dollar spent in a local business district, 58 cents will be returned to that community, fueling our local economies and contributing to more vibrant neighborhoods.""Mayor Walsh's ""#5onMain"" challenge is designed to inspire holiday shoppers to support Main Streets and other local commercial districts during the holiday season. Participants in the challenge pledge to support local businesses at least five times during the holiday season, either purchasing gifts, dining, or participating in local holiday events in Main Streets districts. Holiday shoppers are encouraged to accept the challenge via social media, using the hashtag ""#5onMain"".The Mayor also invited musicians, businesses, and the public to participate once again in the popular Acoustic on Main program during the holiday season inBoston's Main Streets Districts. Starting on Small BusinessSaturday, November 28, 2015, Main Streets businesses are encouraged to host local acoustic performances during the hours of10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m, with up to five musicians or vocalists performing at the same time. The City is supporting this effort by waiving the need for to apply for a live entertainment license or to pay a fee to the City to hold these performances.This holiday season, the City of Boston is offering residents and visitors the opportunity to park for free for two hours at all 8,000 metered parking spaces on the day of their choice fromFriday, November 27ththrough the end of the day onSaturday, January 2nd. TheParkBoston appmust be used and code 617617 should be entered to take advantage of this offer. The free ParkBoston app is available through the App Store or Google Play for iPhone and Android users, and a pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones. Each ParkBoston account will be allowed to use this special code once. ParkBoston users are encouraged to share this information with family and friends so that as many people as possible can visit their favorite restaurant, shop or theater in the City of Boston over the holidays.Instructions:1. Start a two hour session in ParkBoston2. Tap on ""Session Options"" at the bottom of the Active Session screen3. Tap on the ""Discount"" button4. Enter 617617 in the discount code box and press ""Discount Me""If you do not own a smartphone, call ParkBoston at 617-635-2729.The announcement took place atOliver Best Vintage Market, a weekly multi-vendor market, which is located atPOP Allston, a temporary pop-up community space at 89 Brighton Avenue in the Allston Village Main Street District. POP Allston contains a 10,000-square foot free indoor skatepark, pop-up do-it-yourself bicycle repair workshops, and nearly 5,000 square feet of flexible space for additional community uses. POP Allston was created through a collaboration of Allston Village Main Streets, Commonwheels Bicycle Co-Op, Orchard Skateshop, Vivant Vintage, the City of Boston and the building owner, Eden Properties. Recent data from Deloitte University Press' 30thAnnual Holiday Survey indicates that there will be an increase in consumer holiday spending, with average holiday spending projected at $1,462 in 2015, up from $1,299 in 2014. The survey shows that, although consumers are moving to shopping online, they still prefer to buy locally and in-store to support their local community and economy, find one-of-a-kind gifts, and enjoy the convenience of shopping in their neighborhoods. According to the Small Business Association, nearly half of the working adults in Massachusetts are employed by a small business.To participate in the Mayor's Holiday Challenge on Twitter, Instagram, or Facebook, please use the hashtag #5onMain. In order to help shoppers participate in the Challenge, a list of local Main Streets holiday events will be available atwww.holidaysonmainstreets.com. City staff will be monitoring the #5onMain hashtag through the holiday season and retweeting clever and original gift ideas. Draft Tweets for holiday shoppers are available athttp://bit.ly/5onMain_2015Tweets, and a package of shareable graphics can be found athttp://bit.ly/2015Shareables.Businesses and musicians who wish to participate in Acoustic On Main for the Holidays can register at theAcoustic on Mainwebsite. While businesses and musicians will make decisions regarding compensation for performers, the City of Boston encourages small businesses to support local musicians. Acoustic on Main is made by possible by a partnership between Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the City of Boston's Office of Business Development, and the Mayor's Office of Consumer Affairs and Licensing."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Delegated Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education John King to announce the expansion of Boston's successful reentry program, Operation Exit, to include opportunities in the technology industry through a partnership with Resilient Coders. The announcement was part of a roundtable discussion on Operation Exit and closing opportunity gaps through the My Brother's Keeper Initiative in Boston. ""Operation Exit is a true example of what can be achieved when people are given second chances and opportunities for a fresh start,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to see the success of this program, and am confident that its expansion will continue to further our goal of increasing public safety in Boston. I thank our partners for their support as we work to address the root causes of violence and create generational change. The young men and women who excel in this program are not defined by their set of circumstances, and will ultimately lead our City to a better future."" Operation Exit was established by Mayor Walsh in 2014 to help at-risk residents, or those with a criminal background, by providing the knowledge and skills required for entry into an apprenticeship program. Through career readiness and occupational skills training, the intensive training program provides hands-on learning experiences with peer-to-peer mentorship to prepare participants for good careers. ""Operation Exit should serve as an example of the type of smart and collaborative approaches other cities can take to improve reentry outcomes and strengthen communities,"" said Delegated Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education John King. ""Boston and other cities who are part of My Brother's Keeper Community Challenge are taking the important steps to invest in high-wage job training and education. I am proud to stand with Mayor Walsh to announce the expansion of Boston's Operation Exit program and their innovative partnership with Resilient Coders."" Operation Exit currently includes apprenticeship opportunities in the building trades and culinary arts, and now the technology field. In addition, coordinated case management and placement services are provided to assist participants in achieving career goals. To date, Operation Exit has helped place 26 residents into careers.  Through the expansion of Operation Exit, Resilient Coders will teach young people from traditionally underserved communities how to code. The multi-tiered program utilizes co-working sessions to teach students how to use HTML coding. The eight-week program will launch in January 2016 and will offer participants the opportunity to learn to design, build and market websites. Based out of MassChallenge, the program will be taught by professional software engineers and will help bring participants one step closer to a good paying career in the tech field. ""I'm proud to live in a city that understands that public safety is not about keeping people ""inside,"" it's about keeping them out,"" said David Delmar, Executive Director of Resilient Coders. ""At the same time, our tech community is making an effort to reach out to communities traditionally underrepresented in an otherwise vibrant tech ecosystem. This alignment across sectors is what makes this more than an initiative. It's a movement. This is the time and the place."" Mayor Walsh created the Office of Public Safety Initiatives with the mandate of establishing cross-agency and cabinet coordination to tackle the challenging and complex problems in our neighborhoods that lead to and perpetuate violence. Part of this overall strategy includes the President's national initiative, My Brother's Keeper, which seeks to actively engage the community to promote positive outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men. In September 2014, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee and in May 2015, he released""Opportunity * Access * Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action,""a collaborative action plan to increase pathways to opportunities.   "
"BOSTON -Friday, November 20, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Delegated Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education John King to announce the expansion of Boston's successful reentry program, Operation Exit, to include opportunities in the technology industry through a partnership with Resilient Coders. The announcement was part of a roundtable discussion on Operation Exit and closing opportunity gaps through the My Brother's Keeper Initiative in Boston. ""Operation Exit is a true example of what can be achieved when people are given second chances and opportunities for a fresh start,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to see the success of this program, and am confident that its expansion will continue to further our goal of increasing public safety in Boston. I thank our partners for their support as we work to address the root causes of violence and create generational change. The young men and women who excel in this program are not defined by their set of circumstances, and will ultimately lead our City to a better future."" Operation Exit was established by Mayor Walsh in 2014 to help at-risk residents, or those with a criminal background, by providing the knowledge and skills required for entry into an apprenticeship program. Through career readiness and occupational skills training, the intensive training program provides hands-on learning experiences with peer-to-peer mentorship to prepare participants for good careers. ""Operation Exit should serve as an example of the type of smart and collaborative approaches other cities can take to improve reentry outcomes and strengthen communities,"" said Delegated Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education John King. ""Boston and other cities who are part of My Brother's Keeper Community Challenge are taking the important steps to invest in high-wage job training and education. I am proud to stand with Mayor Walsh to announce the expansion of Boston's Operation Exit program and their innovative partnership with Resilient Coders."" Operation Exit currently includes apprenticeship opportunities in the building trades and culinary arts, and now the technology field. In addition, coordinated case management and placement services are provided to assist participants in achieving career goals. To date, Operation Exit has helped place 26 residents into careers.  Through the expansion of Operation Exit, Resilient Coders will teach young people from traditionally underserved communities how to code. The multi-tiered program utilizes co-working sessions to teach students how to use HTML coding. The eight-week program will launch in January 2016 and will offer participants the opportunity to learn to design, build and market websites. Based out of MassChallenge, the program will be taught by professional software engineers and will help bring participants one step closer to a good paying career in the tech field. ""I'm proud to live in a city that understands that public safety is not about keeping people ""inside,"" it's about keeping them out,"" said David Delmar, Executive Director of Resilient Coders. ""At the same time, our tech community is making an effort to reach out to communities traditionally underrepresented in an otherwise vibrant tech ecosystem. This alignment across sectors is what makes this more than an initiative. It's a movement. This is the time and the place."" Mayor Walsh created the Office of Public Safety Initiatives with the mandate of establishing cross-agency and cabinet coordination to tackle the challenging and complex problems in our neighborhoods that lead to and perpetuate violence. Part of this overall strategy includes the President's national initiative, My Brother's Keeper, which seeks to actively engage the community to promote positive outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men. In September 2014, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee and in May 2015, he released""Opportunity * Access * Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action,""a collaborative action plan to increase pathways to opportunities."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh hosted the Second Annual New England Regional Gun Violence Summit to discuss specific strategies to address gun safety, security and illegal guns with New England Mayors and law enforcement officials. He was joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans and over 65representatives from cities and towns across New England in response to the recent nationwide increase in gun violence. Officials discussed and collaborated on new ideas and initiatives to address gun violence and gun safety, strategies and tools focused on illegal guns, firearms education, and violence reduction strategies. ""Our goal is tostrengthen the regional approach to reducing gun violence in our communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are all committed. We have newly elected Mayors across Massachusetts and New England, creating a unique opportunity to build upon existing coalitions and bring fresh ideas to the table aboutcombatinggun violence and the illegal use of firearms in our region.""Regional and national policy experts were on hand to offer presentations on information sharing, local, state and regional advocacy and law enforcement best practices aimed at stemming the diversion of firearms into the hands of criminals and prohibited purchasers.  Participating at the Summit were:Recently, the City of Boston commissioneda study and analysis, tracing data of crime guns recovered by the Boston Police over a period of six years. The results reinforced the need to have collective, regional efforts to reduce the number of firearms that are accessible to those who wish to use them for criminal purposes. Mayor Walsh, in addressing attendees, stressed the importance of real-time information sharing on gun crime statistics, including firearm tracing information as a key step in stemming the illegal diversion of firearms into the hands of criminals. ""We see far too many guns on the street of our cities and the devastation that they cause,"" Commissioner Evans said. ""Meeting here today only reinforces our commitment to stopping the flow of guns into our neighborhoods and making our communities as safe as they can be."" Mayor Walsh and attendees left the summit agreeing to formalize the relationship that was established. Many of the attending cities across New England are all committed to making efforts together to reduce gun violence, and the formalization of this regional group aims to bring concrete results across a significant area."
"Boston Public Library announced its renewed partnership commitment with Digital Commonwealth to maintain and expandDigital Commonwealth,which provides access to digital resources of cultural heritage organizations throughout Massachusetts. Collections inDigital Commonwealthinclude thousands of images, documents, and sound recordings from member institutions which are openly accessible to researchers, students, and the intellectually curious. Boston Public Librarys development of the Digital Commonwealth repository system provides a means of managing and preserving digital collections to ensure they will be accessible to future generations.As part of our statewide responsibilities, we are happy to enter the next phase of our relationship with Digital Commonwealth, partnering to ensure Massachusetts shared history and culture are not only preserved but made accessible and discoverable by all, said Boston Public Library President Interim President David Leonard.""Our mission is to bring together the collections of libraries, archives and cultural institutions across the state, and make them accessible to all, said Elizabeth Thomsen, President of Digital Commonwealth. Ourpartnership withthe Boston Public Library has been essential to the development and support of the Digital Commonwealth and we look forward to continuing to work together.""Since 2010, the BPL has worked to digitize and preserve collections from 250 cultural institutions in 150 municipalities across Massachusetts, totaling 218,000 items. The BPLs digital team recently visited Harvard Forest Archives, Northern Essex Community College, Reading Public Library, and the Chelmsford Town Clerks Office to prepare items for digitization. Materials recently added toDigital Commonwealthinclude botanical prints from theMassachusetts Horticultural Society Library, photograph collections from Pine Manor College and the Massachusetts Archives, and glass slides from the Hatfield Historical Museum.In addition to its role as a partner to Digital Commonwealth, Boston Public Library serves as Library for the Commonwealth for the entire state of Massachusetts. Anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in Massachusetts can have aBoston Public Library card.Image: Cereus, Massachusetts Horticultural Society Library. Image digitized at Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org."
"TheBoston Public Library Presidential Search Committeewill host two listening sessions in the coming weeks. The sessions onMonday, November 30 and Saturday, December 12will be an opportunity for the community to share their thoughts on what qualities they believe the next leader of the Boston Public Library (BPL) should have in an open and conversational forum. Additional listening sessions in neighborhoods across the city will be added and announced as the BPL Presidential Search continues. ""The inaugural listening session at the Mattapan Branch provided information that will contribute to how the Search Committee evaluates candidates for the position of BPL President,"" said John Palfrey, Chair of the BPL Presidential Search Committee. ""It's very important to hear from a diversity of voices, and I encourage Bostonians to be a part of this process."" The listening sessions will be held on the following dates:For those who are unable to attend a listening session, the public is encouraged totweet comments at the Boston Public Library Twitter handle via @bplboston and at Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey at @jpalfrey. In addition, comments can be submitted viaSearchChair@bpl.org. The Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee is charged with locating, recruiting, interviewing, and evaluating top candidates for the position of BPL President in conjunction with executive search firm, Spencer Stuart."
"BOSTON -Thursday, November 19, 2015- Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh hosted the Second Annual New England Regional Gun Violence Summit to discuss specific strategies to address gun safety, security and illegal guns with New England Mayors and law enforcement officials. He was joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans and over 65representatives from cities and towns across New England in response to the recent nationwide increase in gun violence. Officials discussed and collaborated on new ideas and initiatives to address gun violence and gun safety, strategies and tools focused on illegal guns, firearms education, and violence reduction strategies. ""Our goal is tostrengthen the regional approach to reducing gun violence in our communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are all committed. We have newly elected Mayors across Massachusetts and New England, creating a unique opportunity to build upon existing coalitions and bring fresh ideas to the table aboutcombatinggun violence and the illegal use of firearms in our region.""Regional and national policy experts were on hand to offer presentations on information sharing, local, state and regional advocacy and law enforcement best practices aimed at stemming the diversion of firearms into the hands of criminals and prohibited purchasers.  Participating at the Summit were:Recently, the City of Boston commissioneda study and analysis, tracing data of crime guns recovered by the Boston Police over a period of six years. The results reinforced the need to have collective, regional efforts to reduce the number of firearms that are accessible to those who wish to use them for criminal purposes. Mayor Walsh, in addressing attendees, stressed the importance of real-time information sharing on gun crime statistics, including firearm tracing information as a key step in stemming the illegal diversion of firearms into the hands of criminals. ""We see far too many guns on the street of our cities and the devastation that they cause,"" Commissioner Evans said. ""Meeting here today only reinforces our commitment to stopping the flow of guns into our neighborhoods and making our communities as safe as they can be."" Mayor Walsh and attendees left the summit agreeing to formalize the relationship that was established. Many of the attending cities across New England are all committed to making efforts together to reduce gun violence, and the formalization of this regional group aims to bring concrete results across a significant area."
"BOSTON -Thursday, November 19, 2015-TheBoston Public Library Presidential Search Committeewill host two listening sessions in the coming weeks. The sessions onMonday, November 30 and Saturday, December 12will be an opportunity for the community to share their thoughts on what qualities they believe the next leader of the Boston Public Library (BPL) should have in an open and conversational forum. Additional listening sessions in neighborhoods across the city will be added and announced as the BPL Presidential Search continues. ""The inaugural listening session at the Mattapan Branch provided information that will contribute to how the Search Committee evaluates candidates for the position of BPL President,"" said John Palfrey, Chair of the BPL Presidential Search Committee. ""It's very important to hear from a diversity of voices, and I encourage Bostonians to be a part of this process."" The listening sessions will be held on the following dates:For those who are unable to attend a listening session, the public is encouraged totweet comments at the Boston Public Library Twitter handle via @bplboston and at Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey at @jpalfrey. In addition, comments can be submitted viaSearchChair@bpl.org.The Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee is charged with locating, recruiting, interviewing, and evaluating top candidates for the position of BPL President in conjunction with executive search firm, Spencer Stuart."
The Pilgrims, a new film by Ric Burns narrated by celebrated actor Oliver Platt, will premiere at the Boston Public Librarys Central Library onMonday, November 23, at 6:00 p.m.Burns will conduct a question and answer session with the audience following the full screening of the movie.Produced by WETA Washington, D.C., the flagship public broadcaster in the nations capital, and Steeplechase Films, in association with the BBC and CTVC, this two-hour documentary endeavors to tell the true story of the Pilgrims, a small group of religious radicals whose determination to establish a separatist religious community planted the seeds for Americas founding.Arguably one of the most fateful and resonant events of the last half millennium, the Pilgrims journey west across the Atlantic in the early 17th century is a seminal, if often misunderstood episode of American and world history.The Pilgrimswill explore the forces, circumstances, personalities, and events that converged to exile the English group in Holland and eventually propel their crossing to the New World a story universally familiar in broad outline, but almost entirely unfamiliar to a general audience in its rich and compelling historical actuality.The Pilgrimsalso features a gripping performance by the late actor Roger Rees as William Bradford, the governor of Plymouth Plantation for more than 30 years and who wrote the definitive history of the early colony. Drawn from Bradfords written account, Reess monologue provides the spine of the Pilgrims narrative, from the early formation of a separatist Protestant sect in England to a colony in the New World whose hard-fought success after a decade would trigger a massive influx of colonists throughout New England. Reess performance was his last on film before he passed away on July 10, 2015.The Pilgrimsis written and directed by Ric Burns, edited by Li-Shin Yu, and produced by Leigh Howell, Robin Espinola, Bonnie Lafave, and Ric Burns, and with cinematography by Buddy Squires, ASC, Tim Cragg, Michael Chin, Brian Heller, Stephen McCarthy, Allen Moore, and Anthony Savini. Music forThe Pilgrimsis by Brian Keane. Senior Historical Advisor on the project is Nick Bunker. Executive Producers for WETA are Jeff Bieber and Dalton Delan.The film premier will take place at the Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square on Monday, November 23, at 6:00 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon. The screening is free to attend, and seats will be available on a first-come first-serve basis. Burns will take questions from the audience following the film screening.The movie will also air on American Experience on PBS on Tuesday, November 24, at 8:00 p.m. EST, and air again on Thanksgiving Day at 9:30 p.m. EST (check local listings). American Experience is produced for PBS by WGBH Boston. To learn more about the film, please see:www.thepilgrimsfilm.com.About Steeplechase FilmsSince its founding in 1989 by Ric Burns, Steeplechase Films has produced more than 30 hours of award-winning humanities programming for prime-time national broadcast on public television, including Coney Island, The Donner Party, The Way West, New York: a documentary film, Ansel Adams, Eugene ONeill, Andy Warhol, We Shall Remain: Tecumsehs Vision. Into the Deep: America, Whaling and the World, and Death and the Civil War. For these projects Steeplechase Films has garnered fourteen national Emmy Award nominations, five Emmy Awards, three Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Awards, two George Foster Peabody Awards, and the Erick Barnouw Award from the Organization of American Historians.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined public health officials, advocates and local youth to announce that Boston is taking steps to raise the age to buy all tobacco and nicotine products, including e-cigarettes, to 21.""It is our responsibility to do what we can to guide our young people and create a healthier future for all Bostonians"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know the consequences of tobacco use are real and can be devastating. These proposed changes send a strong message that Boston takes the issue of preventing tobacco addiction seriously, and I hope that message is heard throughout Boston and across the entire country.""Despite major gains in reducing the number of adults and youth who smoke cigarettes, smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States, contributing to more deaths than HIV, illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle accidents and firearm-related incidents combined.""By raising the tobacco sale age to 21, Boston can continue its longstanding leadership in fighting tobacco and help make the next generation tobacco-free,"" said Kevin O'Flaherty with the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. ""We know that 95 percent of adult smokers began smoking before they turned 21, and ages 18 to 21 are critical years when young people transition from experimenting with tobacco into becoming regular users. By moving forward with this proposal, Boston will reduce smoking and protect young people from this deadly addiction.""Due in part to robust tobacco control measures to address youth smoking, Boston has seen a substantial reduction in youth cigarette use. Among Boston high school students, the rate of cigarette use declined from 15.3 percent in 2005 to 7.9 percent in 2013, and is well below the national average of 15.7 percent.Recognizing this shift, the tobacco industry has been increasingly targeting youth through pricing, marketing and flavoring. Research shows that instead of smoking cigarettes, Boston's young people are using other tobacco products, including candy, fruit, chocolate or other sweet-flavored cigars, as well as e-cigarettes. The current use of inexpensive cigars and cigarillos among youth in Boston increased from 11 percent in 2010 to 20 percent in 2013, and one out of four Boston students report that they have smoked cigars or cigarillos.""Prohibiting tobacco sales to those under 21 and restricting availability of flavored tobacco products sends a clear message to all community members that our kids' health is not for sale,"" said Tami Gouveia, Executive Director of Tobacco Free Mass. ""We care about protecting our kids from a lifetime of tobacco and nicotine addiction and these policies will do just that.""These changes to tobacco regulations in Boston are aimed at preventing teenagers from starting smoking by removing the sources of tobacco products from their social networks. Nationwide, while roughly two percent of retail tobacco sales are to individuals aged 18 through 21, 90 percent of daily smokers report starting smoking before age 19. By supporting these changes, Mayor Walsh is working to protect present and future generations of Boston's youth from tobacco addiction.""Raising the sales age of tobacco products to 21 will help prevent a lifetime of tobacco addiction for the young people of Boston."" said Dr. Jonathan Winickoff, a pediatrician at Massachusetts General Hospital for Children. ""Seeing this progress in Massachusetts has been one of the highlights of my pediatric career.""In addition to raising the age to buy tobacco and nicotine products to 21, proposed amendments will also: increase the age of admission to adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars to 21 prohibit the sale of flavored tobacco products and nicotine delivery products other than menthol in all retail outlets except for adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars simplify and streamline current regulations, making them easier to understand and administer, ensuring that restrictions on the sale of tobacco products in pharmacies and educational institutions include e-cigarettes and other nicotine delivery products and clarify the authority of the Tobacco Control Program to review tobacco permit applicants' violation history when reviewing applications and renewals.""The flavor restriction is important to me because I see a lot of other young people are tempted by these creative and tasty flavors every single day,"" said Pelumi Aderogba, 17, a senior at Boston Trinity Academy in Hyde Park who spoke at today's event. ""This age restriction is good for teenagers like me because we are likely to have friends that are 18 who would be willing to buy these products for us.""A public hearing on these changes is scheduled for December 3, 2015, and written comment can be submitted until December 9. The Board of Health is expected to vote on December 17 regarding these changes and, if approved, they will become effective 60 days after passage.In September, Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance to prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco and other tobacco products at baseball parks, including Fenway Park. The ordinance also bans smokeless tobacco or any other tobacco product at event sites for professional, collegiate, high school or organized amateur sporting events, including baseball, softball, football, basketball, hockey, track and field, field hockey, lacrosse and soccer and any other event involving a game or other athletic competition organized by a league or association.More information on the proposed changes can be found at http://bphc.org/boardofhealth/regulations/Pages/Tobacco-Contol-Regulatio...."
"BOSTON - Wednesday, November 18, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined public health officials, advocates and local youth to announce that Boston is taking steps to raise the age to buy all tobacco and nicotine products, including e-cigarettes, to 21.""It is our responsibility to do what we can to guide our young people and create a healthier future for all Bostonians"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know the consequences of tobacco use are real and can be devastating. These proposed changes send a strong message that Boston takes the issue of preventing tobacco addiction seriously, and I hope that message is heard throughout Boston and across the entire country.""Despite major gains in reducing the number of adults and youth who smoke cigarettes, smoking is still the leading cause of preventable death in the United States, contributing to more deaths than HIV, illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle accidents and firearm-related incidents combined.""By raising the tobacco sale age to 21, Boston can continue its longstanding leadership in fighting tobacco and help make the next generation tobacco-free,"" said Kevin O'Flaherty with the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. ""We know that 95 percent of adult smokers began smoking before they turned 21, and ages 18 to 21 are critical years when young people transition from experimenting with tobacco into becoming regular users. By moving forward with this proposal, Boston will reduce smoking and protect young people from this deadly addiction.""Due in part to robust tobacco control measures to address youth smoking, Boston has seen a substantial reduction in youth cigarette use. Among Boston high school students, the rate of cigarette use declined from 15.3 percent in 2005 to 7.9 percent in 2013, and is well below the national average of 15.7 percent.Recognizing this shift, the tobacco industry has been increasingly targeting youth through pricing, marketing and flavoring. Research shows that instead of smoking cigarettes, Boston's young people are using other tobacco products, including candy, fruit, chocolate or other sweet-flavored cigars, as well as e-cigarettes. The current use of inexpensive cigars and cigarillos among youth in Boston increased from 11 percent in 2010 to 20 percent in 2013, and one out of four Boston students report that they have smoked cigars or cigarillos.""Prohibiting tobacco sales to those under 21 and restricting availability of flavored tobacco products sends a clear message to all community members that our kids' health is not for sale,"" said Tami Gouveia, Executive Director of Tobacco Free Mass. ""We care about protecting our kids from a lifetime of tobacco and nicotine addiction and these policies will do just that.""These changes to tobacco regulations in Boston are aimed at preventing teenagers from starting smoking by removing the sources of tobacco products from their social networks. Nationwide, while roughly two percent of retail tobacco sales are to individuals aged 18 through 21, 90 percent of daily smokers report starting smoking before age 19. By supporting these changes, Mayor Walsh is working to protect present and future generations of Boston's youth from tobacco addiction.""Raising the sales age of tobacco products to 21 will help prevent a lifetime of tobacco addiction for the young people of Boston."" said Dr. Jonathan Winickoff, a pediatrician at Massachusetts General Hospital for Children. ""Seeing this progress in Massachusetts has been one of the highlights of my pediatric career.""In addition to raising the age to buy tobacco and nicotine products to 21, proposed amendments will also: increase the age of admission to adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars to 21 prohibit the sale of flavored tobacco products and nicotine delivery products other than menthol in all retail outlets except for adult-only retail tobacco stores and smoking bars simplify and streamline current regulations, making them easier to understand and administer, ensuring that restrictions on the sale of tobacco products in pharmacies and educational institutions include e-cigarettes and other nicotine delivery products and clarify the authority of the Tobacco Control Program to review tobacco permit applicants' violation history when reviewing applications and renewals.""The flavor restriction is important to me because I see a lot of other young people are tempted by these creative and tasty flavors every single day,"" said Pelumi Aderogba, 17, a senior at Boston Trinity Academy in Hyde Park who spoke at today's event. ""This age restriction is good for teenagers like me because we are likely to have friends that are 18 who would be willing to buy these products for us.""A public hearing on these changes is scheduled for December 3, 2015, and written comment can be submitted until December 9. The Board of Health is expected to vote on December 17 regarding these changes and, if approved, they will become effective 60 days after passage.In September, Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance to prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco and other tobacco products at baseball parks, including Fenway Park. The ordinance also bans smokeless tobacco or any other tobacco product at event sites for professional, collegiate, high school or organized amateur sporting events, including baseball, softball, football, basketball, hockey, track and field, field hockey, lacrosse and soccer and any other event involving a game or other athletic competition organized by a league or association.More information on the proposed changes can be found online."
"We are fortunate in the City of Boston to have a community that celebrates its cultural diversity, but also comes together to unite behind common ideals - love of family, friends and community, said Mayor Walsh. ""Thetrolleytourand tree lightings are great ways to continue to foster the spirit of community and bring a little extra joy to people around the holiday season. We look forward to visiting different neighborhoods throughout the city for a weekend full of fun and celebration.""For the 20th year, the Mayor's EnchantedTrolleyTourwill continue the festive tradition of lighting up holiday trees throughout Boston while bringing presents and holiday spirit to children across the city.The 20th Anniversary of Mayor's EnchantedTrolleyTour& Tree Lightings is sponsored by Bank of America.Friday, December 4Saturday, December 5Sunday, December 6The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Bank of America."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, November 17, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the schedule for this year's 20th Anniversary Mayor'sTrolleyTour & Enchanted Tree Lightings occurring onDecember 4th, 5th, and 6th in neighborhoods throughout Boston.""We are fortunate in the City of Boston to have a community that celebrates its cultural diversity, but also comes together to unite behind common ideals - love of family, friends and community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thetrolleytourand tree lightings are great ways to continue to foster the spirit of community and bring a little extra joy to people around the holiday season. We look forward to visiting different neighborhoods throughout the city for a weekend full of fun and celebration.""For the 20th year, the Mayor's EnchantedTrolleyTourwill continue the festive tradition of lighting up holiday trees throughout Boston while bringing presents and holiday spirit to children across the city.The 20th Anniversary of Mayor's EnchantedTrolleyTour& Tree Lightings is sponsored by Bank of America.Friday, December 4Saturday, December 5Sunday, December 6The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Bank of America.For further information pleasego online, visittheir Facebookpage, or Twitter."
As a city and as a country it is not our custom to turn our backs on people who are in need and who are innocent. We have yet to receive guidelines from the federal or state government on how they will move forward, however should webe told that Boston is accepting refugees, we will work with our partners at the federal, state and local levels to ensure the safety of Boston residents.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Governor Baker and 1st Assistant Attorney General Chris Barry-Smith to testify in support ofHouse Bill 3817, an Act Relative to Substance Use Treatment, Education, and Prevention.""In Boston we have been working hard to address the toll that opioids are taking in our Commonwealth and preventing and treating the devastating impact of addiction by creating the first municipal Office of Recovery Services and equipping first responders with Narcan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""But despite our efforts, and despite sound legislative action in the past, opioid overdoses continue to rise. I support this bill because I know from personal experience that to get people the help they need, we have to meet them where they are: whether that's on the street, in the hospital, at home, at work, or in school. We need to work together towards a comprehensive continuum of care, we need to tackle this crisis on all fronts.""Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh was named Chair of the U.S. Conference of Mayor's Task Force on Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services.In May, the City of Boston released areporton the current status of substance abuse and addiction to serve as a road map for the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. The Office of Recovery Services works to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high-quality services,help families and those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources,and work with City Departments, community partners and the recovery community to support a comprehensive response to the issue of substance abuse.The Mayor's full testimony can be foundhere."
"To honor Veterans Day, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Brighton Marine Health Center Board of Directors to announce that Brighton Marine established a $200,000 endowment to support the Mayor's Homes for the Brave initiative, with the goal of bringing a functional end to veterans homelessness in Boston.The endowment will create the Homeless Veterans Housing Fund, which will fill the current gaps in funding that can delay the process of securing permanent housing for Boston area veterans. The fund has already assisted 18 veterans by disbursing payments of up to $2,000 each. The fund makes awards to organizations specializing in assisting homeless veterans with housing placement.""No one who has served our country should be homeless - and in Boston, we're committed to giving our veterans the resources they need to succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Brighton Marine Health Center for their partnership in this effort. The Homeless Veterans Housing Fund is an integral tool to support our fight to end homelessness among our veterans.""""Out of approximately 300 veterans in Boston without permanent housing, some 50 are holding Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) subsidized housing certificates, but many are unable to secure housing because they lack funds for costs that VASH does not cover, such as security deposits, first month's rent payments, moving costs, brokers' fees, and rental application fees,"" said Brighton Marine's Chief Executive Officer, Michael Dwyer. ""For many veterans, these relatively small, one-time costs can spell the difference between permanent housing and spending more time in a shelter or on the street.""Veterans will be able to receive up to $2,000 from the fund. Costs considered under this fund include:The City of Boston is committed to connecting Boston's military families with the resources and assistance they are entitled to. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released""An Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness In Boston: 2015 - 2018"",which outlines the City's strategies to transform Boston's homeless response system in order to end veterans homelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018.In July of 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston signed on to First Lady Michelle Obama's Mayoral Challenge to end homelessness among veterans. As part of the ""Homes for the Brave"" initiative that was launched as a result, the City of Boston has committed to putting a functional end to veterans homelessness by the end of 2015. Putting a functional end to homelessness means that:At the time of the launch, there were 414 homeless veterans in Boston. Since then, 484 homeless veterans have been housed. New veterans continue to enter the system however, the average length of stay in shelter among veterans has been reduced. At the start of the initiative, 50 percent of homeless veterans left shelter in less than six months today, that number has increased to 70 percent. Last week, the City, along with 11 partner agencies, hosted the first ever ""housing surge"" for veterans at the Pine Street Inn. Sixty homeless veterans met with representatives to better understand the housing resources available to them.Over the weekend of Saturday, November 7 and Sunday, November 8, hundreds of volunteers went door-to-door throughout the City of Boston to personally thank the men and women who have served in the U.S. Military and provide them with the resources available to them as veterans living in Boston.To honor Veterans Day, Mayor Walsh has lit the balcony outside the City Council Chambers red, white and blue to honor the men and women who have served our country.ABOUT BRIGHTON MARINE HEALTH CENTERSince 1940, Brighton Marine Health Center has provided clinical and social service resources to the Allston-Brighton community. Particular services focus on supporting the community's veterans and their families. Brighton Marine currently works with the Veterans Administration and the City of Boston, and is in the process of expanding the network of agencies authorized to receive funding through the Homeless Veteran's Housing Fund. For more information about the fund, visit Brighton Marine Health Center's website athttp://www.brighton-marine.org."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, November 11, 2015- To honor Veterans Day, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Brighton Marine Health Center Board of Directors to announce that Brighton Marine established a $200,000 endowment to support the Mayor's Homes for the Brave initiative, with the goal of bringing a functional end to veterans homelessness in Boston.The endowment will create the Homeless Veterans Housing Fund, which will fill the current gaps in funding that can delay the process of securing permanent housing for Boston area veterans. The fund has already assisted 18 veterans by disbursing payments of up to $2,000 each. The fund makes awards to organizations specializing in assisting homeless veterans with housing placement.""No one who has served our country should be homeless - and in Boston, we're committed to giving our veterans the resources they need to succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Brighton Marine Health Center for their partnership in this effort. The Homeless Veterans Housing Fund is an integral tool to support our fight to end homelessness among our veterans.""""Out of approximately 300 veterans in Boston without permanent housing, some 50 are holding Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) subsidized housing certificates, but many are unable to secure housing because they lack funds for costs that VASH does not cover, such as security deposits, first month's rent payments, moving costs, brokers' fees, and rental application fees,"" said Brighton Marine's Chief Executive Officer, Michael Dwyer. ""For many veterans, these relatively small, one-time costs can spell the difference between permanent housing and spending more time in a shelter or on the street.""Veterans will be able to receive up to $2,000 from the fund. Costs considered under this fund include:The City of Boston is committed to connecting Boston's military families with the resources and assistance they are entitled to. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released""An Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness In Boston: 2015 - 2018"",which outlines the City's strategies to transform Boston's homeless response system in order to end veterans homelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018.In July of 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston signed on to First Lady Michelle Obama's Mayoral Challenge to end homelessness among veterans. As part of the ""Homes for the Brave"" initiative that was launched as a result, the City of Boston has committed to putting a functional end to veterans homelessness by the end of 2015. Putting a functional end to homelessness means that:At the time of the launch, there were 414 homeless veterans in Boston. Since then, 484 homeless veterans have been housed. New veterans continue to enter the system however, the average length of stay in shelter among veterans has been reduced. At the start of the initiative, 50 percent of homeless veterans left shelter in less than six months today, that number has increased to 70 percent. Last week, the City, along with 11 partner agencies, hosted the first ever ""housing surge"" for veterans at the Pine Street Inn. Sixty homeless veterans met with representatives to better understand the housing resources available to them.Over the weekend of Saturday, November 7 and Sunday, November 8, hundreds of volunteers went door-to-door throughout the City of Boston to personally thank the men and women who have served in the U.S. Military and provide them with the resources available to them as veterans living in Boston.To honor Veterans Day, Mayor Walsh has lit the balcony outside the City Council Chambers red, white and blue to honor the men and women who have served our country.ABOUT BRIGHTON MARINE HEALTH CENTERSince 1940, Brighton Marine Health Center has provided clinical and social service resources to the Allston-Brighton community. Particular services focus on supporting the community's veterans and their families. Brighton Marine currently works with the Veterans Administration and the City of Boston, and is in the process of expanding the network of agencies authorized to receive funding through the Homeless Veteran's Housing Fund. For more information about the fund, visit Brighton Marine Health Center's website athttp://www.brighton-marine.org."
Today, the Boston Public Library announced that all BPL card holders now have access to more than300 free online learning classes. The web-based, instructor-led courses from Gale Courses, are six-week classes for personal and professional development, some with accreditation, and covering topics ranging from project management to guitar from grant writing to programs like Excel and cutting-edge video editing software Final Cut Pro X.The Boston Public Library was founded on the principle of Free to All, and to serve the advancement of learning, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. These high-quality courses explore a breadth of topics for both professional and personal development. This is the next stage in the evolution of our educational and innovation mission, and also puts often out of reach skills in the hands of the many job seekers who use the library today.Gale Courses are a great complement to our existing resources offered online and in person, and are a perfect fit for those passionate about acquiring new skills that can enrich their lives, said Gianna Gifford, Manager of Reference and Instruction Services.Boston Public Library card and eCard holders can access these free courses online instantly at any time and from anywhere. Each course runs for six weeks with a new set of sessions beginning every month. Two lessons are released each week, and students will complete 20 to 24 course-hours over the six-week period. A professional instructor coordinates every course by pacing participants, answering questions, providing feedback, facilitating discussions, and assigning quizzes and coursework. At the end of each class, students can download a record of completion. Nineteen of the available courses offer accredited continuing education courses.Card holders can use their account numbers to log in and sign up for classes viahttp://education.gale.com/l-bostonpl/. The next set of classes start November 11, 2015. To learn how to sign up for a Boston Public Library card or eCard, visithttp://bit.ly/BPLgetcarded.Course Highlights include:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Today, the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees, voted in favor of a joint proposal from the Catered Affair and the WGBH Educational Foundation for a new retail space in the Johnson building, part of the Central Library Renovation in Copley Square. The unique collaboration will feature The Newsfeed Caf and a WGBH News satellite bureau and studio. The selection was made based on the quality of the proposal, and its alignment with the mission of the Boston Public Library as a center of community gathering and learning.The renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square is setting the tone for other urban libraries across the country, and this partnership is a top notch selection, said Mayor Walsh. I applaud the work of the Retail Tenant Advisory Committee for their diligence in selecting a partnership that will serve library patrons from Boston, and across the Commonwealth.WGBH is not only one of the top institutions in Boston, its one of the nations top broadcasting companies, with a legacy of high quality programming, and educational content, said John Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. This partnership with WGBH will provide a multi-layer experience for the visitors to this new enterprise space inside the renovated Central Library.This creative partnership adds to the Boston Public Librarys mission, offers a wealth of opportunities for new library programming while animating an anchor space here at Copley, said David Leonard, Interim President of the BPL.The Catered Affair is thrilled to partner with WGBH at the Boston Public Library on this new venture, said Alex Marconi, Vice President of Operations at The Catered Affair. We feel our concept will be a new destination for visitors to the Back Bay, and will enhance the visitor experience to the BPLs Johnson building.We are honored to have this opportunity to extend our educational efforts into the heart of the city through the Boston Public Library, said WGBH COO Ben Godley. We share a mission of public service, and we look forward to providing greater access to our quality programming, a direct connection with our trusted news reporting, and deeper audience engagement through this partnership.The new retail space will be 4,500 square feet and will be located in the Johnson building at the corner of Boylston and Exeter Streets in the Back Bay. The space is currently under construction, as part of the larger renovation of the building, and is slated for a summer 2016 opening.The Catered Affair and public broadcaster WGBH have proposed a unique, enterprise partnership. As currently proposed, the space will feature The Newsfeed Caf, managed by The Catered Affair, with a coffee shop and casual food offerings throughout the day, including breakfast, lunch, and small plates. In addition, the space would be designed to be used for catered events and other public functions both during and outside of library hours.WGBH will construct and occupy an 800 square foot satellite news bureau in the space, primarily focused on their radio offerings, and featuring a WGBH Radio/TV anchor desk for live broadcast and pre-taped segments. In addition, the public media producer plans to explore and identify resources and expertise to enhance the BPLs programs and services, including childrens and teens programming. Further negotiations between the Boston Public Library, The Catered Affair, and WGBH will be held following todays decision before a contract is finalized.Selection BackgroundAn RFP for the retail opportunity in the Central Library Renovation was released on March 16, 2015, with responses initially due on May 11, 2015. The response time was extended until July 20, 2015 to allow for additional applicants. More than 100 businesses and non-profits were contacted, and the BPL received a total of three applications. The other two applicants were Caf ArtScience and Storytime Stories.The Caf ArtScience proposal included coffee and tea service, snacks and light food, free public seminars, and innovative and experimental products for the public to test. Caf ArtScience currently has a location in Kendall Square. The Storytime Stories proposal included a collaboration with local caf, The Thinking Cup books, toys, and gift sales events, including character/author visits and exhibits. The proposal was submitted by the owners of The Worlds Only Curious George Store in Harvard Square.A Retail Tenant Advisory Committee (RTAC) was formed and reviewed the submitted proposals during three meetings, evaluating candidates based on the criteria specified in the RFP. Following the review, RTAC recommended to the Interim President of the BPL that The Catered Affair and WGBH Educational Foundation partnership was the most suitable applicant.On Friday, November 6, the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees Audit and Finance Committee voted to recommend to the BPL Board of Trustees to accept the proposal of The Catered Affair and WGBH Educational Foundation.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Today, the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees selected executive search firm,Spencer Stuart, to assist with the search for the next president of the Boston Public Library. The executive search firm will identify, recruit, interview, and evaluate top candidates for the position. ""The search for the next president of the Boston Public Library is moving ahead,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The executive search firm and the recently named BPL Presidential Search Committee under the leadership of John Palfrey will ensure that a comprehensive community process and a far reaching national search are conducted."" ""Spencer Stuart will assist the Boston Public Library in extending the reach of our search for the next president of the BPL nationwide,"" said John T. Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""Their work will be critical to finding the most qualified candidate to lead this premier cultural institution forward."" ""I am excited to work with Spencer Stuart and the Search Committee to engage the people of Boston and to identify great candidates for the BPL presidency,"" said John Palfrey, Chair of the BPL Presidential Search Committee. ""We are honored to assist the Boston Public Library in the important endeavor of selecting an outstanding leader who will represent the diverse needs of the community and who will serve with the level of distinction befitting this important institution,"" said Spencer Stuart consultants, Mary Gorman and Michele Haertel. Spencer Stuart is one of the world's leading executive search and leadership advisory firms, with 56 offices in 30 countries worldwide. In the past five years, Spencer Stuart has conducted over 300 executive searches for companies and organizations based in Massachusetts, covering sectors ranging from banking and finance to pharmaceuticals, retail and consumer goods, higher education, arts and culture, and other nonprofit organizations. The cost to engage with Spencer Stuart in the search process is $110,000. The firm will work closely throughout the presidential search process with the Mayor's Office, the BPL Board of Trustees, the BPL Presidential Search Committee, and the community, to identify and select the next president of the BPL. Executive search firms Waters & Company and Isaacson Miller, also responded to the September 2015 Request for Proposals (RFP). All responses were reviewed by the appropriate selection committee, and each of the three respondent firms were interviewed.The BPL Trustees Finance and Audit Committee voted unanimously on November 6 to recommend the Board of Trustees award the contract to Spencer Stuart. The Trustees Finance and Audit Committee members are: Chair, Evelyn Arana-Ortiz, Representative Byron Rushing, Zamawa Arenas, and John T. Hailer (Chair of the Board of the BPL Board of Trustees). The Committee's role is to assist the Library and the Trustees in decision making regarding all matters related to the finance functions of the Library. About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, 24 branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an agreement with Comcast Cable to extendthe Boston Cable License throughOctober 8, 2020. The agreement introduces improved senior discount opportunities for cable TV while preserving the legacy senior discount package for existing customers. In addition to the senior cable TV discounts, Comcast will be offering eligible Boston seniors an opportunity to purchase significantly discounted high-speed internet access. ""We are committed to giving back and improving the quality of life for our seniors, and I am proud we have been able to partner with Comcast to save our seniors money,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In my State of the City address, I called on essential service providers to improve discounts our seniors. In reaching this agreement, and with Comcast introducing the Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program, we are meeting that goal. We hope our pilot program will serve as a model for cities and providers across the country."" The benefits that Comcast will offer eligible Boston seniors include:""We have made real and significant progress toward closing the digital divide for low-income parents and children across the country. In less than four years, Internet Essentials connected more than 500,000 families, or more than 2 million low-income Americans, to the power of the Internet at home,"" said David L. Cohen, Comcast Corporation Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer. ""Here now in Boston, we are offering our first-in-New England low-income senior citizen pilot. Seniors can get connected to the Internet in their homes and use it to communicate with friends and family, access healthcare and financial information, and enjoy online news and entertainment."" ""Serving the people and businesses of the City of Boston has always been a great privilege for Comcast since we began doing business here in 2003,"" said Comcast Regional Senior Vice President, Tracy Pitcher. ""We are looking forward to continuing to offer Bostonians the best Comcast has to offer in innovative products, services and customer experiences for many years to come.'' ""Extending the terms of the current franchise until 2020 secures and enhances the benefits received by the City in the existing Comcast agreement,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer for the City of Boston. ""And it helps support our goals of digital equity and inclusion for all residents.'' The Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program resource line can be accessed by eligible seniors effectiveNovember 11, 2015.To learn more about the Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program, please call1-855-804-8010. "
"BOSTON -Tuesday, November 10, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an agreement with Comcast Cable to extendthe Boston Cable License throughOctober 8, 2020. The agreement introduces improved senior discount opportunities for cable TV while preserving the legacy senior discount package for existing customers. In addition to the senior cable TV discounts, Comcast will be offering eligible Boston seniors an opportunity to purchase significantly discounted high-speed internet access. ""We are committed to giving back and improving the quality of life for our seniors, and I am proud we have been able to partner with Comcast to save our seniors money,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In my State of the City address, I called on essential service providers to improve discounts our seniors. In reaching this agreement, and with Comcast introducing the Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program, we are meeting that goal. We hope our pilot program will serve as a model for cities and providers across the country."" The benefits that Comcast will offer eligible Boston seniors include:""We have made real and significant progress toward closing the digital divide for low-income parents and children across the country. In less than four years, Internet Essentials connected more than 500,000 families, or more than 2 million low-income Americans, to the power of the Internet at home,"" said David L. Cohen, Comcast Corporation Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer. ""Here now in Boston, we are offering our first-in-New England low-income senior citizen pilot. Seniors can get connected to the Internet in their homes and use it to communicate with friends and family, access healthcare and financial information, and enjoy online news and entertainment."" ""Serving the people and businesses of the City of Boston has always been a great privilege for Comcast since we began doing business here in 2003,"" said Comcast Regional Senior Vice President, Tracy Pitcher. ""We are looking forward to continuing to offer Bostonians the best Comcast has to offer in innovative products, services and customer experiences for many years to come.'' ""Extending the terms of the current franchise until 2020 secures and enhances the benefits received by the City in the existing Comcast agreement,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer for the City of Boston. ""And it helps support our goals of digital equity and inclusion for all residents.'' The Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program resource line can be accessed by eligible seniors effectiveNovember 11, 2015.To learn more about the Internet Essentials Senior Pilot Program, please call1-855-804-8010. "
"Below is a statement from Laura Oggeri, Chief Communications Officer for the City of Boston:""The Mayor has never said, nor does he have a plan to close 36 schools. Mayor Walsh has proven his dedication to Boston Public Schools by, in the past year alone, providing unprecedented budgetary support, extending learning time for students, adding 200 pre-kindergarten seats to the district, and hiring a first-class Superintendent. The Mayor also launched a multi-year Educational and Facilities Master Plan this fall to guide smart investments in Boston's schools with the goal of providing all students with a high-quality, 21st-century education. The Esquire article is untrue and unsourced, and references meetings that the Mayor has never had. We are extremely disappointed at the spread of misinformation."""
The City of Boston Assessing Department today announced the dates of the public disclosure period which will allow taxpayers the opportunity to review their preliminary residential and commercial properties assessments for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The Assessing Department is in the final stages of completing a revaluation of all residential and commercial properties, as required by state law every three years. Preliminary assessment notices will be mailed the week ofNovember 16. The following public disclosure period allows taxpayers the opportunity to review their preliminary assessment with an assessor prior to the state Department of Revenue's final certification:Monday November 16 - Friday November 208:00 AM - 5:30 PM, Boston City Hall, Room 301Monday November 23 - Tuesday November 249:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Boston City Hall, Room 301On these dates, property owners will have the opportunity to review their FY 2016 preliminary assessments by:While preliminary assessments are included in the disclosure notices that will be mailed to taxpayers the week ofNovember 16, the assessments will also be available online at that time atwww.cityofboston.gov/assessing. By following the revaluation links, taxpayers may submit an online contact form with questions about their FY 2016 assessment directly to the Assessing Department.After certification of the new values by the state Department of Revenue, the new assessed values will be indicated on the FY 2016 Third Quarter real estate tax bill to be issued by the Collector-Treasurer at the end of December. The FY 2016 assessments will be based on the value of the property as of January 1, 2015, and will reflect the market conditions in each property's immediate area on or before that date. Market activity occurring after January 1, 2015, will be reflected in the FY 2017 assessment.In FY 2016, assessments reflect a strong market for real estate, with most neighborhoods exhibiting signs of appreciation over the prior year. As a result, many homeowners will see an increase in their assessment. However, with Proposition 2 limiting the annual growth of the City's tax levy, assessments will cause a decline in the property tax rate that will mitigate, in part, tax bill increases.TAX ASSISTANCE PROGRAMSThe City of Boston offers a number of tax relief programs to qualified homeowners. The residential exemption, in particular, can provide substantial savings to taxpayers that owned and occupied their homes as of January 1, 2015. A residential exemption is an amount of assessed value that is exempted from taxation by recommendation of the Mayor and vote of the City Council. Last year, qualified taxpayers saved $1,880 on their tax bills. Taxpayers who receive the residential exemption for FY 2016 will see the exemption value indicated on the Third Quarter tax bill. The deadline to file for the residential exemption for FY 2016 isApril 1, 2016.In addition, the City offers personal exemptions to those taxpayers who are elderly (over age 65), surviving spouses (widow/widower), minor children of deceased parents, blind, disabled veterans with a service-connected disability, and certain members of the National Guard. Each exemption has eligibility requirements, such as age and certain income restrictions. Taxpayers who receive a personal exemption for FY 2016 will see the exemption amount indicated on the Third Quarter tax bill.Taxpayers who believe they may qualify for a personal exemption have untilApril 1, 2016to apply. The lone exception is the National Guard exemption, which has a filing deadline ofFebruary 1, 2016.The City also offers a tax deferral for those elderly homeowners whose current expenses make the continued ownership of their home difficult. To qualify for FY 2016, taxpayers must be age 65 or older and have an income of less than $57,000 per year. The amount of the deferred taxes, plus interest accruing at a rate of 4% per year, must be repaid when the property is sold or upon the passing of the owner.More detailed information on tax assistance programs can be obtained by calling the Taxpayer Referral and Assistance Center at(617) 635-4287.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces throughout the City of Boston. Effective immediately, this ordinance is aimed at increasing public safety by making residents aware of the danger of replica handguns and increasing the dialogue about the consequences of replica handguns with Boston's young people.""It is up to us to work together as a community on every angle of the gun issue to keep our neighborhoods safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The safety of Boston's residents and visitors is a top priority, and I am proud to sign this ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces which will help us in our larger mission of raising community awareness and engagement to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth.""To date, the Boston Police Department (BTD) has recovered over150replica handguns in connection with crimes. Given the authentic look of many of the replica handguns on the streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.""Replica guns have become a big issue for us. We all too often encounter young people who are carrying these fake guns and even though they are fake, the public and police don't know they are,"" said Commissioner William B. Evans. ""Our goal is to make the city the safest place it can be and this ordinance will help remind the public and residents of the dangers these replica guns present.""The ordinance will allow BPD to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick up the confiscated replica firearm in person at the district station. If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space, and the parent or guardian will have the option to retrieve the replica firearm. BPD will not release a replica handgun directly to the minor.""Mayor Walsh deserves tremendous credit for his leadership on the issue of replica firearms. He is absolutely correct that these imitation guns endanger both our City's young people and our police officers and have no place at all in public spaces,"" said State Representative Dan Cullinane, who has filed legislation on replica guns at the State House. ""It is unnecessary and irresponsible for manufacturers and retailers to make and sell imitation guns which by sight cannot be differentiated from a real gun. No one, especially not a police officer with the burden of making a split second decision, should ever have to guess if a gun is real. I applaud Mayor Walsh for his action on this important public safety issue and I look forward to working with the Mayor and my colleagues in the legislature to make meaningful change on this issue of imitation firearms statewide.""""They call these gun toys, but they are not toys when put in the wrong hands and used to commit crimes,"" said District 3 City Councilor Frank Baker. ""I see very few reasons for anyone to buy a replica hand gun. We have seen too many violent incidents this year and this ordinance is one step toward ensuring the safety of our communities.""Mayor Walsh is dedicated to providing safe and secure neighborhoods where every resident can thrive. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety Initiatives and the BPD have been actively engaged in local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. Working side by side with a large cross section of City, social service and community based agencies, a wide variety of opportunities driven initiatives have been established including career pathways into the trade unions and other private sector jobs and a partnership with John Hancock YouthConnect and the Office of Public Safety to identify those 11-14 year-olds must vulnerable to become involved in high risk behavior."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston joined the Greenovate Boston Mayor's Carbon Cup - a commitment to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 35 percent by 2020. Mayor Walsh recognized their commitment this afternoon at the fifth anniversary meeting of the Green Ribbon Commission.""In addition to being a partner on community development and equity, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston is a partner in helping to reach our city's climate goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By going above and beyond our targets for 2020, Carbon Cup participants and winners are showing exemplary leadership in creating a sustainable future for Boston."" The Mayor's Carbon Cup was launched in April 2014 and recognizes the commitments of large organizations including hospitals, universities, and commercial building portfolios. There are seven participants to date, which have collectively committed approximately 20.4 million square feet to a 35 percent greenhouse gas emission reduction. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston will contribute 1.2 million square feet to that target. ""Energy efficiency in Boston's large buildings is critical to reaching our climate and sustainability goals,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""The buildings and institutions that have committed to the Carbon Cup are showing how we can achieve deep reductions in our carbon emissions while cutting our energy use and costs.""""The GRC applauds the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston for committing to the Mayor's Carbon Cup Challenge, which calls for reducing carbon emissions from buildings at an even faster pace than called for in the Boston Climate Action Plan,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the GRC. ""Public Sector buildings make up nearly a quarter of non-residential buildings in Boston. Thanks to institutional leaders like the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, and the innovative policies, programs, and community engagement around climate preparedness by the Mayor's office, Boston is a global model for building strong cross-sector partnerships aimed at slowing the causes of climate changes."" In order for the City of Boston to reach its citywide goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) 25 percent by 2020, large building portfolios will need to lead by aiming for a higher GHG reduction target. Those pledging to the Carbon Cup commitment must enroll at least 1 million square feet and commit to a 35 percent reduction in GHG intensity. Pledges may choose 2005, or any year thereafter, as a baseline from which to track reductions. The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) establishes the reporting framework for easy participation in the Mayor's Carbon Cup. Through BERDO, the City will track year-over-year progress towards each portfolio's goal. Other Carbon Cup participants and winners are: Partners HealthCare-Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston University, Harvard University (within Boston city limits), Partners HealthCare-Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston Medical Center, and Boston Properties.The Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fighting climate change in coordination with the City's Climate Action Plan.Greenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city."
"BOSTON -Monday, November 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston joined the Greenovate Boston Mayor's Carbon Cup - a commitment to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 35 percent by 2020. Mayor Walsh recognized their commitment this afternoon at the fifth anniversary meeting of the Green Ribbon Commission.""In addition to being a partner on community development and equity, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston is a partner in helping to reach our city's climate goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By going above and beyond our targets for 2020, Carbon Cup participants and winners are showing exemplary leadership in creating a sustainable future for Boston."" The Mayor's Carbon Cup was launched in April 2014 and recognizes the commitments of large organizations including hospitals, universities, and commercial building portfolios. There are seven participants to date, which have collectively committed approximately 20.4 million square feet to a 35 percent greenhouse gas emission reduction. The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston will contribute 1.2 million square feet to that target. ""Energy efficiency in Boston's large buildings is critical to reaching our climate and sustainability goals,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""The buildings and institutions that have committed to the Carbon Cup are showing how we can achieve deep reductions in our carbon emissions while cutting our energy use and costs.""""The GRC applauds the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston for committing to the Mayor's Carbon Cup Challenge, which calls for reducing carbon emissions from buildings at an even faster pace than called for in the Boston Climate Action Plan,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the GRC. ""Public Sector buildings make up nearly a quarter of non-residential buildings in Boston. Thanks to institutional leaders like the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, and the innovative policies, programs, and community engagement around climate preparedness by the Mayor's office, Boston is a global model for building strong cross-sector partnerships aimed at slowing the causes of climate changes."" In order for the City of Boston to reach its citywide goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) 25 percent by 2020, large building portfolios will need to lead by aiming for a higher GHG reduction target. Those pledging to the Carbon Cup commitment must enroll at least 1 million square feet and commit to a 35 percent reduction in GHG intensity. Pledges may choose 2005, or any year thereafter, as a baseline from which to track reductions. The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) establishes the reporting framework for easy participation in the Mayor's Carbon Cup. Through BERDO, the City will track year-over-year progress towards each portfolio's goal. Other Carbon Cup participants and winners are: Partners HealthCare-Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston University, Harvard University (within Boston city limits), Partners HealthCare-Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston Medical Center, and Boston Properties. The City of Boston welcomes new participants in the Cup. For more information, visithttp://www.greenovateboston.org/carbon_cup. About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fighting climate change in coordination with the City's Climate Action Plan. Visithttp://www.greenribboncommission.orgfor details. About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visit http://greenovateboston.org for details."
BOSTON -Monday, November 9, 2015- The City of Boston Assessing Department today announced the dates of the public disclosure period which will allow taxpayers the opportunity to review their preliminary residential and commercial properties assessments for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The Assessing Department is in the final stages of completing a revaluation of all residential and commercial properties, as required by state law every three years. Preliminary assessment notices will be mailed the week ofNovember 16. The following public disclosure period allows taxpayers the opportunity to review their preliminary assessment with an assessor prior to the state Department of Revenue's final certification:Monday November 16 - Friday November 208:00 AM - 5:30 PM, Boston City Hall, Room 301Monday November 23 - Tuesday November 249:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Boston City Hall, Room 301On these dates, property owners will have the opportunity to review their FY 2016 preliminary assessments by:While preliminary assessments are included in the disclosure notices that will be mailed to taxpayers the week ofNovember 16, the assessments will also be available online at that time atwww.cityofboston.gov/assessing. By following the revaluation links, taxpayers may submit an online contact form with questions about their FY 2016 assessment directly to the Assessing Department.After certification of the new values by the state Department of Revenue, the new assessed values will be indicated on the FY 2016 Third Quarter real estate tax bill to be issued by the Collector-Treasurer at the end of December. The FY 2016 assessments will be based on the value of the property as of January 1, 2015, and will reflect the market conditions in each property's immediate area on or before that date. Market activity occurring after January 1, 2015, will be reflected in the FY 2017 assessment.In FY 2016, assessments reflect a strong market for real estate, with most neighborhoods exhibiting signs of appreciation over the prior year. As a result, many homeowners will see an increase in their assessment. However, with Proposition 2 limiting the annual growth of the City's tax levy, assessments will cause a decline in the property tax rate that will mitigate, in part, tax bill increases.TAX ASSISTANCE PROGRAMSThe City of Boston offers a number of tax relief programs to qualified homeowners. The residential exemption, in particular, can provide substantial savings to taxpayers that owned and occupied their homes as of January 1, 2015. A residential exemption is an amount of assessed value that is exempted from taxation by recommendation of the Mayor and vote of the City Council. Last year, qualified taxpayers saved $1,880 on their tax bills. Taxpayers who receive the residential exemption for FY 2016 will see the exemption value indicated on the Third Quarter tax bill. The deadline to file for the residential exemption for FY 2016 isApril 1, 2016.In addition, the City offers personal exemptions to those taxpayers who are elderly (over age 65), surviving spouses (widow/widower), minor children of deceased parents, blind, disabled veterans with a service-connected disability, and certain members of the National Guard. Each exemption has eligibility requirements, such as age and certain income restrictions. Taxpayers who receive a personal exemption for FY 2016 will see the exemption amount indicated on the Third Quarter tax bill.Taxpayers who believe they may qualify for a personal exemption have untilApril 1, 2016to apply. The lone exception is the National Guard exemption, which has a filing deadline ofFebruary 1, 2016.The City also offers a tax deferral for those elderly homeowners whose current expenses make the continued ownership of their home difficult. To qualify for FY 2016, taxpayers must be age 65 or older and have an income of less than $57,000 per year. The amount of the deferred taxes, plus interest accruing at a rate of 4% per year, must be repaid when the property is sold or upon the passing of the owner.More detailed information on tax assistance programs can be obtained by calling the Taxpayer Referral and Assistance Center at(617) 635-4287.
"BOSTON -Monday, November 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces throughout the City of Boston. Effective immediately, this ordinance is aimed at increasing public safety by making residents aware of the danger of replica handguns and increasing the dialogue about the consequences of replica handguns with Boston's young people.""It is up to us to work together as a community on every angle of the gun issue to keep our neighborhoods safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The safety of Boston's residents and visitors is a top priority, and I am proud to sign this ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces which will help us in our larger mission of raising community awareness and engagement to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth.""To date, the Boston Police Department (BPD) has recovered over150replica handguns in connection with crimes. Given the authentic look of many of the replica handguns on the streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.""Replica guns have become a big issue for us. We all too often encounter young people who are carrying these fake guns and even though they are fake, the public and police don't know they are,"" said Commissioner William B. Evans. ""Our goal is to make the city the safest place it can be and this ordinance will help remind the public and residents of the dangers these replica guns present.""The ordinance will allow BPD to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick up the confiscated replica firearm in person at the district station. If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space, and the parent or guardian will have the option to retrieve the replica firearm. BPD will not release a replica handgun directly to the minor.""Mayor Walsh deserves tremendous credit for his leadership on the issue of replica firearms. He is absolutely correct that these imitation guns endanger both our City's young people and our police officers and have no place at all in public spaces,"" said State Representative Dan Cullinane, who has filed legislation on replica guns at the State House. ""It is unnecessary and irresponsible for manufacturers and retailers to make and sell imitation guns which by sight cannot be differentiated from a real gun. No one, especially not a police officer with the burden of making a split second decision, should ever have to guess if a gun is real. I applaud Mayor Walsh for his action on this important public safety issue and I look forward to working with the Mayor and my colleagues in the legislature to make meaningful change on this issue of imitation firearms statewide.""""They call these gun toys, but they are not toys when put in the wrong hands and used to commit crimes,"" said District 3 City Councilor Frank Baker. ""I see very few reasons for anyone to buy a replica hand gun. We have seen too many violent incidents this year and this ordinance is one step toward ensuring the safety of our communities.""Mayor Walsh is dedicated to providing safe and secure neighborhoods where every resident can thrive. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety Initiatives and the BPD have been actively engaged in local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. Working side by side with a large cross section of City, social service and community based agencies, a wide variety of opportunities driven initiatives have been established including career pathways into the trade unions and other private sector jobs and a partnership with John Hancock YouthConnect and the Office of Public Safety to identify those 11-14 year-olds must vulnerable to become involved in high risk behavior."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the members of the Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee, which will assist with the search for the next president of the Boston Public Library. The BPL Presidential Search Committee is chaired byJohn Palfrey, head of school at Phillips Academy in Andover.""I have the utmost faith and confidence in the abilities of those serving on the Search Committee,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Boston Public Library is one of Boston's most treasured public institutions, and this process will incorporate transparency and public participation. I look forward to the selection of a final candidate: a dynamic leader with vision, passion and an innovative outlook, who can take our library system to new heights to service the people of this great city and the state of Massachusetts, as well as visitors from this region and around the world.""The next president of the BPL will be expected to shape and build upon the BPL's strategic vision, theCompass Strategic Plan, the strengths of its collections, its technological innovations, and services across the neighborhoods of Boston and to exert the leadership necessary to realize that vision.""I could not be more delighted that such a diverse and experienced group has come together to help find the next president of the Boston Public Library,"" said Palfrey. ""We look forward to engaging with people across the City of Boston during the months to come as this search moves forward.""""The Boston Public Library is a center for learning and a highly regarded cultural institution for both the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,"" said John T. Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""I believe that this group of individuals understands the needs of the library community, and will be thoughtful and diligent as they work to identify the best candidate to be the next president of the Boston Public Library.""The Search Committee will locate, recruit, interview, and evaluate top candidates for the position in conjunction with an executive search firm, which will be selected by the BPLBoard of Trustees at their upcoming meeting onTuesday, November 10at the Mattapan Branch, located at 1350 Blue Hill Ave. Immediately following the meeting at3:00 p.m.Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey will hold the first public listening session about the presidential search to hear from the public about the qualities they would like to see in the next president of the BPL.The members of the Search Committee are as follows:Full biographies of the Search Committee members are included below.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.Brandon AbbsBrandon Abbs is the President of the City-wide Friends of the Boston Public Library and the Friends Group of the Egleston Square Branch Library, and he has previously served on the Board of JP Reads. Brandon is an avid reader, library user, and book collector. He has been an effective advocate for the Boston Public Library since 2010. In 2011 he was named a Bank of America Local Hero and received the Harvard Medical School/Harvard School of Dental Medicine Dean's Community Service Award for his work advocating for the Boston Public Library.Eileen AbelsEileen Abels joined Simmons College as Dean of the School of Library and Information Science (SLIS) in July 2013. Prior to joining Simmons SLIS, Abels was the Associate Dean for Academic Affairs and Professor at the iSchool at Drexel. She also held a faculty position for 15 years at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies. Prior to her academic career, Abels was a librarian and information professional in special libraries, including the Instituto de Investigaciones Elctricas in Mexico, Price Waterhouse's Washington National Tax Service, and the Boston Consulting Group. Her leadership positions in the field of library and information science include serving as president of the Association for Library and Information Science Education (ALISE) and president of Beta Phi Mu, the International Library & Information Studies Honor Society. She is widely published, including articles and book chapters. Abels has also edited several books and co-authored two books. She obtained her bachelor's degree from Clark University, MLS degree from the University of Maryland, and Ph.D. from UCLA.Elisa BirdseyeElisa Birdseye is a graduate of New England Conservatory and Simmons College. She lives in Hyde Park and has worked for the Boston Public Library since 1986, working for 30 years in various departments at the Central Library in Copley Square, and for the past 8 years at the Adams Street Branch in Dorchester. For 10 years she was the supervisor of the Never Too Late Group, an educational/entertainment program for Seniors that is the oldest such library sponsored program in the country. She is the outgoing President of the Boston Public Library Professional Staff Association. Outside the library she is on the Board of the Neponset River Watershed Association, and a professional violist, primarily with the New Bedford Symphony Orchestra, which recently celebrated its 100th anniversary season, and has a nationally recognized arts education program which reaches 30,000 children annually.Ben Bradlee Jr.Ben Bradlee Jr. is a critically acclaimed author of four books, including his most recent: The Kid: The Immortal Life of Ted Williams. Mr. Bradlee also spent 25 years with the Boston Globe, 10 years as reporter and 15 as an editor. As Deputy Managing Editor, he oversaw the Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the sexual abuse crisis in the Catholic Church, and supervised the production of a book on the subject, which was released as a movie this Fall. Mr. Bradlee is a graduate of Colby College, and he served in the Peace Corps in Afghanistan in the early 1970s.Jeff HawkinsJeff Hawkins has been a board member of the Boston Public Library Foundation (BPLF) since 2005 and in January of 2015 was elected Chairman of the BPLF. Jeff is a Managing Director and the Chief Operating Officer of Sankaty Advisors. Sankaty Advisors, the credit arm of Bain Capital, is a leading global credit specialist with approximately $26 billion in assets under management. Jeff serves on the board of the Dana Hall School and is involved with a number of not for profits including Year Up and City Year. Jeff received a B.A. in Soviet Studies from Trinity College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.Wendell KnoxWendell Knox, former president and CEO of Abt Associates, a research and consulting company, was responsible for all research, technical assistance, consulting, marketing, and financial operations, as well as strategic direction of the company. Mr. Knox joined Abt Associates in 1969 and held various corporate management positions during his tenure with the firm until he was named president and CEO in 1992. He continues to serve as a director since his retirement in 2009. Mr. Knox is active in civic affairs, including past or present board memberships with Brigham and Women's Hospital, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Eastern Bank, The Partnership, Inc., Efficacy Institute, Biomedical Sciences Career Program, National Association of Corporate Directors - NE, National Conference for Community and Justice, Hanover Insurance Group, Eastern Enterprises, Dimock Community Foundation and Boston Rising. Mr. Knox currently serves as Board Chair for EdVestors. Mr. Knox earned a BA in Social Relations from Harvard University and he completed the Special Program in Urban Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Diane PatrickDiane Patrick is co-managing partner of Ropes & Gray's Boston office, a partner in the firm's labor & employment practice, and served as Chair of the Firm's Diversity Committee. She has over 30 years of experience representing and advising employers in connection with a broad range of labor and employment-related matters. Diane provides strategic counsel to clients regarding their compliance with federal and state employment laws, represents clients before the National Labor Relations Board as well as other federal administrative agencies, counsels employers on matters involving wage and hour regulations, and provides general advice on employment policies and practices. In addition to her years in private practice, Diane also served for eight years at Harvard University as both University Attorney responsible for Harvard's labor and employment matters and as the University's Associate Vice President of Human Resources. She also previously served for five years as a teacher in the New York City public school system. Diane serves on numerous boards, including at the Posse Foundation, the United Way of Massachusetts Bay and the Epiphany School. She has also been recognized for her dedicated support for victims of domestic violence.Erin SanthouseErin Santhouse is the Manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative, which aims to empower and support Boston's young adult population. As manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative, Santhouse is responsible for all programmatic elements of ONEin3, including management of the ONEin3 Council. The Mayor's ONEin3 Council is an action-oriented group tasked with brainstorming, creating and fulfilling projects that directly impact the lives of Boston's 20-34 year-olds. The 2015 ONEin3 Council is a diverse body comprised of 37 Boston residents, who live in 20 different neighborhoods across Boston. Santhouse will also engage young people outside of the Council and work to encourage college students to become involved with the City and stay in Boston after graduation. Santhouse received her B.S. in political science from Northeastern University in 2013 and is currently pursuing her MPA from Suffolk University, with an anticipated graduation in May 2018. She resides in Savin Hill where she enjoys exploring new restaurants and taking advantage of Boston's walkability.Natan SantosNatan Santos is a representative on the Mayor's Youth Council and currently attends New Mission High School. While he was born in Boston and raised in Hyde Park, his parents hail from Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. After school, he works at Brigham and Women's Hospital and has a law internship at the Massachusetts Bar Association. In his spare time, Natan enjoys playing basketball and writing poetry. He is currently working on the Arts and Culture committee of the Mayor's Youth Council to redefine arts as an essential tool for life. After high school, Natan plans to study business and law in college.Beth SmithElizabeth (Beth) Smith became Executive Director of the Hyams Foundation in 1990. Hyams is a Boston-based private, independent foundation with a mission of increasing economic, racial and social justice and power within low-income communities in Boston and Chelsea, Massachusetts. Before coming to Hyams, she was Director of Policy at the Massachusetts Department of Social Services and worked before that in the Illinois State Budget Bureau/Office of the Governor and at the University of Chicago. She holds Master's degrees from Boston University's Graduate School of Management and the University of Chicago's School of Social Service Administration. Beth has provided leadership to numerous local public/private funding collaboratives in the community development, affordable housing, and workforce and youth development areas. She is a former board chair of Associated Grant Makers and is a member of its Public Policy Committee. Beth served previously on the national Council on Foundations' Independent Foundation Task Force and its Diversity and Stewardship Principles for Independent Foundations Committees. Vivian SpiroFor the past 15 years, Vivian Spiro has served as Chairman of the Board of the Associates of the Boston Public Library, transforming a small, independent 501c3 with a literary focus into a significant source of financial support for thecataloging, conservation and digitization of the BPL's Special Collections. During that time, she has become well acquainted with many BPL employees at every level, and has developed an in-depth understanding of the institution's operations and history. Under her leadership, the Associates established the David McCullough Conservation Fund, William O. Taylor Art Preservation Fund, and an endowment for conservation a writer-in-residence program for an emerging children's author three annual ""signature"" programs designed to spark public awareness of the BPL as a provider of top quality, free educational resources and series of presentations by scholars aimed at generating interest in and support for conservation of the Special Collections. The Associates' annual ""Literary Lights"" dinner, which honors outstanding writers from the Northeast and raises money for the McCullough Conservation Fund, is considered one of Boston's most successful fundraisers. Prior to joining the Associates Board in 1998, Vivian served as an Overseer of the Museum of Fine Arts, a member of the Events Committee of the Boston Athenaeum and Chairman of the President's Circle at Beth Israel Hospital. A former journalist and then owner-operator of a public relations firm specializing in medical and technical accounts, Vivian later worked for Blackside Productions on ""Eyes on the Prize,"" the award winning Civil Rights documentary. She is a resident of Beacon Hill, and a graduate of Tufts University.Willie Wideman-PleasantsWillie Wideman-Pleasants is an author, poet, producer, teacher, cable show host, and the President of the Friends of the Uphams Corner Library. As the President of the friends group for the last three years, she has worked with library to bring and promote poetry readings, dance groups, publishing opportunities to aspiring writers. She is a team leader for a Jumpstart program that helps three-to-five year old children prepare to enter kindergarten to succeed with language and literacy skills. She created and facilitates a class called ""Storytelling at Tea,"" which was offered as a course for the Osher Life Learning Institute at University of Mass. Boston. She is the producer and host of her own award-winning cable show called ""Willie's Web,"" Boston Neighborhood Network (BNN). She combined her talent with three other women and created a professional published author group called, ""Authors Without Borders."" They also have a cable show on which Ms. Pleasants is one of the producers, directors and host.Tracy WigginsTracy Wiggins has a long history with the neighborhoods of Boston and many of the branches throughout the Boston Public Library system. She was born in Roxbury, Mass. and spent many days at the Dudley Branch before beginning working there in 1989 at the age of 21 as a Librarian Assistant II. Over the last 26 years, Tracy has spent time working at 14 of the branches, and has been back at Dudley for the last five years. Tracy and her husband settled in Roslindale after living in Dorchester, Mattapan, the North End, and Hyde Park over the years. Tracy is an executive board member of Local 1526 of AFSCME Council 93, which represents many workers at the Boston Public Library, and is currently a member of the BPL Joint Labor Management Board and Health & Safety Committee. In the past she has served on many other BPL committees, such as the Branch Planning Committee, Change Team Committee and the Compass Committee, giving her a broad understanding of the workings of the BPL and its staff.Linda ZecherLinda K. Zecher joined Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH) in September 2011 as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, bringing a strong track record of business transformation and results. Her extensive sales, marketing and technology experience contribute to her ability to successfully lead HMH's transformation into a global leader in educational content and media. Previously, she served as Corporate Vice President of Microsoft's $8 billion Worldwide Public Sector organization, where she led a team of nearly 2,000 sales and marketing professionals serving government, education and healthcare customers in more than 100 countries. Prior to joining Microsoft in 2003, Linda held leadership positions with Texas Instruments, Bank of America, PeopleSoft, Oracle and Evolve Corp. Linda currently serves on the board of Hasbro Corporation and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. She has previously served on numerous boards including the Intelligence National Security Association (INSA), U.S. State Department's board for overseas schools and James Madison University's board of visitors. Linda holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Ohio State University and an honorary doctorate from Bentley University."
"Leading up toVeteransDay, the Mayor's Office along with theVeterans' Services Department and Office of Neighborhood Services are calling for volunteers to sign-up for ""Operation Thank A Vet,"" a citywide effort to honor Boston'sveterans. Over the weekend ofSaturday, November 7 and Sunday, November 8, hundreds of volunteers will be going door-to-door throughout the City of Boston to personally thank the men and women who have served in the U.S. Military and provide them with the resources available to them asveteransliving in Boston. ""I am proud of Boston's strong tradition of honoring ourveterans, and appreciate all of the volunteers who have already come forward to donate their time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is no better way to celebrateVeteransDay than to personally thank theveteransin our city who have served our country."" Volunteers will be provided with specific addresses ofveteransand packages to hand deliver. Volunteers can sign-up atboston.gov/veterans.The City of Boston is committed to connecting Boston's military families with theresourcesand assistance they are entitled to. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released""An Action Plan to EndVeteranand Chronic Homelessness In Boston: 2015 - 2018,""which outlines the City's strategies to transform Boston's homeless response system in order to endveteranshomelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018. On Wednesday, the City, along with 11 partner agencies, hosted the first ever ""housing surge"" for veterans at the Pine Street Inn. Sixty homeless veterans met with representatives to better understand the housing resources available to them. "
"BOSTON -Thursday, November 5, 2015- Leading up toVeteransDay, the Mayor's Office along with theVeterans' Services Department and Office of Neighborhood Services are calling for volunteers to sign-up for ""Operation Thank A Vet,"" a citywide effort to honor Boston'sveterans.Over the weekend ofSaturday, November 7 and Sunday, November 8, hundreds of volunteers will be going door-to-door throughout the City of Boston to personally thank the men and women who have served in the U.S. Military and provide them with the resources available to them asveteransliving in Boston. ""I am proud of Boston's strong tradition of honoring ourveterans, and appreciate all of the volunteers who have already come forward to donate their time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is no better way to celebrateVeteransDay than to personally thank theveteransin our city who have served our country."" Volunteers will be provided with specific addresses ofveteransand packages to hand deliver. Volunteers can sign-up atboston.gov/veterans.The City of Boston is committed to connecting Boston's military families with theresourcesand assistance they are entitled to. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released""An Action Plan to EndVeteranand Chronic Homelessness In Boston: 2015 - 2018,""which outlines the City's strategies to transform Boston's homeless response system in order to endveteranshomelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018. On Wednesday, the City, along with 11 partner agencies, hosted the first ever ""housing surge"" for veterans at the Pine Street Inn. Sixty homeless veterans met with representatives to better understand the housing resources available to them. "
"BOSTON -Thursday, November 5, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the members of the Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee, which will assist with the search for the next president of the Boston Public Library. The BPL Presidential Search Committee is chaired byJohn Palfrey, head of school at Phillips Academy in Andover.""I have the utmost faith and confidence in the abilities of those serving on the Search Committee,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Boston Public Library is one of Boston's most treasured public institutions, and this process will incorporate transparency and public participation. I look forward to the selection of a final candidate: a dynamic leader with vision, passion and an innovative outlook, who can take our library system to new heights to service the people of this great city and the state of Massachusetts, as well as visitors from this region and around the world.""The next president of the BPL will be expected to shape and build upon the BPL's strategic vision, theCompass Strategic Plan, the strengths of its collections, its technological innovations, and services across the neighborhoods of Boston and to exert the leadership necessary to realize that vision.""I could not be more delighted that such a diverse and experienced group has come together to help find the next president of the Boston Public Library,"" said Palfrey. ""We look forward to engaging with people across the City of Boston during the months to come as this search moves forward.""""The Boston Public Library is a center for learning and a highly regarded cultural institution for both the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,"" said John T. Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""I believe that this group of individuals understands the needs of the library community, and will be thoughtful and diligent as they work to identify the best candidate to be the next president of the Boston Public Library.""The Search Committee will locate, recruit, interview, and evaluate top candidates for the position in conjunction with an executive search firm, which will be selected by the BPLBoard of Trustees at their upcoming meeting onTuesday, November 10at the Mattapan Branch, located at 1350 Blue Hill Ave. Immediately following the meeting at3:00 p.m.Presidential Search Committee Chair John Palfrey will hold the first public listening session about the presidential search to hear from the public about the qualities they would like to see in the next president of the BPL.The members of the Search Committee are as follows:Full biographies of the Search Committee members are included below.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.Brandon AbbsBrandon Abbs is the President of the City-wide Friends of the Boston Public Library and the Friends Group of the Egleston Square Branch Library, and he has previously served on the Board of JP Reads. Brandon is an avid reader, library user, and book collector. He has been an effective advocate for the Boston Public Library since 2010. In 2011 he was named a Bank of America Local Hero and received the Harvard Medical School/Harvard School of Dental Medicine Dean's Community Service Award for his work advocating for the Boston Public Library.Eileen AbelsEileen Abels joined Simmons College as Dean of the School of Library and Information Science (SLIS) in July 2013. Prior to joining Simmons SLIS, Abels was the Associate Dean for Academic Affairs and Professor at the iSchool at Drexel. She also held a faculty position for 15 years at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies. Prior to her academic career, Abels was a librarian and information professional in special libraries, including the Instituto de Investigaciones Elctricas in Mexico, Price Waterhouse's Washington National Tax Service, and the Boston Consulting Group. Her leadership positions in the field of library and information science include serving as president of the Association for Library and Information Science Education (ALISE) and president of Beta Phi Mu, the International Library & Information Studies Honor Society. She is widely published, including articles and book chapters. Abels has also edited several books and co-authored two books. She obtained her bachelor's degree from Clark University, MLS degree from the University of Maryland, and Ph.D. from UCLA.Elisa BirdseyeElisa Birdseye is a graduate of New England Conservatory and Simmons College. She lives in Hyde Park and has worked for the Boston Public Library since 1986, working for 30 years in various departments at the Central Library in Copley Square, and for the past 8 years at the Adams Street Branch in Dorchester. For 10 years she was the supervisor of the Never Too Late Group, an educational/entertainment program for Seniors that is the oldest such library sponsored program in the country. She is the outgoing President of the Boston Public Library Professional Staff Association. Outside the library she is on the Board of the Neponset River Watershed Association, and a professional violist, primarily with the New Bedford Symphony Orchestra, which recently celebrated its 100th anniversary season, and has a nationally recognized arts education program which reaches 30,000 children annually.Ben Bradlee Jr.Ben Bradlee Jr. is a critically acclaimed author of four books, including his most recent: The Kid: The Immortal Life of Ted Williams. Mr. Bradlee also spent 25 years with the Boston Globe, 10 years as reporter and 15 as an editor. As Deputy Managing Editor, he oversaw the Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the sexual abuse crisis in the Catholic Church, and supervised the production of a book on the subject, which was released as a movie this Fall. Mr. Bradlee is a graduate of Colby College, and he served in the Peace Corps in Afghanistan in the early 1970s.Jeff HawkinsJeff Hawkins has been a board member of the Boston Public Library Foundation (BPLF) since 2005 and in January of 2015 was elected Chairman of the BPLF. Jeff is a Managing Director and the Chief Operating Officer of Sankaty Advisors. Sankaty Advisors, the credit arm of Bain Capital, is a leading global credit specialist with approximately $26 billion in assets under management. Jeff serves on the board of the Dana Hall School and is involved with a number of not for profits including Year Up and City Year. Jeff received a B.A. in Soviet Studies from Trinity College and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.Wendell KnoxWendell Knox, former president and CEO of Abt Associates, a research and consulting company, was responsible for all research, technical assistance, consulting, marketing, and financial operations, as well as strategic direction of the company. Mr. Knox joined Abt Associates in 1969 and held various corporate management positions during his tenure with the firm until he was named president and CEO in 1992. He continues to serve as a director since his retirement in 2009. Mr. Knox is active in civic affairs, including past or present board memberships with Brigham and Women's Hospital, Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Eastern Bank, The Partnership, Inc., Efficacy Institute, Biomedical Sciences Career Program, National Association of Corporate Directors - NE, National Conference for Community and Justice, Hanover Insurance Group, Eastern Enterprises, Dimock Community Foundation and Boston Rising. Mr. Knox currently serves as Board Chair for EdVestors. Mr. Knox earned a BA in Social Relations from Harvard University and he completed the Special Program in Urban Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Diane PatrickDiane Patrick is co-managing partner of Ropes & Gray's Boston office, a partner in the firm's labor & employment practice, and served as Chair of the Firm's Diversity Committee. She has over 30 years of experience representing and advising employers in connection with a broad range of labor and employment-related matters. Diane provides strategic counsel to clients regarding their compliance with federal and state employment laws, represents clients before the National Labor Relations Board as well as other federal administrative agencies, counsels employers on matters involving wage and hour regulations, and provides general advice on employment policies and practices. In addition to her years in private practice, Diane also served for eight years at Harvard University as both University Attorney responsible for Harvard's labor and employment matters and as the University's Associate Vice President of Human Resources. She also previously served for five years as a teacher in the New York City public school system. Diane serves on numerous boards, including at the Posse Foundation, the United Way of Massachusetts Bay and the Epiphany School. She has also been recognized for her dedicated support for victims of domestic violence.Erin SanthouseErin Santhouse is the Manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative, which aims to empower and support Boston's young adult population. As manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative, Santhouse is responsible for all programmatic elements of ONEin3, including management of the ONEin3 Council. The Mayor's ONEin3 Council is an action-oriented group tasked with brainstorming, creating and fulfilling projects that directly impact the lives of Boston's 20-34 year-olds. The 2015 ONEin3 Council is a diverse body comprised of 37 Boston residents, who live in 20 different neighborhoods across Boston. Santhouse will also engage young people outside of the Council and work to encourage college students to become involved with the City and stay in Boston after graduation. Santhouse received her B.S. in political science from Northeastern University in 2013 and is currently pursuing her MPA from Suffolk University, with an anticipated graduation in May 2018. She resides in Savin Hill where she enjoys exploring new restaurants and taking advantage of Boston's walkability.Natan SantosNatan Santos is a representative on the Mayor's Youth Council and currently attends New Mission High School. While he was born in Boston and raised in Hyde Park, his parents hail from Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic. After school, he works at Brigham and Women's Hospital and has a law internship at the Massachusetts Bar Association. In his spare time, Natan enjoys playing basketball and writing poetry. He is currently working on the Arts and Culture committee of the Mayor's Youth Council to redefine arts as an essential tool for life. After high school, Natan plans to study business and law in college.Beth SmithElizabeth (Beth) Smith became Executive Director of the Hyams Foundation in 1990. Hyams is a Boston-based private, independent foundation with a mission of increasing economic, racial and social justice and power within low-income communities in Boston and Chelsea, Massachusetts. Before coming to Hyams, she was Director of Policy at the Massachusetts Department of Social Services and worked before that in the Illinois State Budget Bureau/Office of the Governor and at the University of Chicago. She holds Master's degrees from Boston University's Graduate School of Management and the University of Chicago's School of Social Service Administration. Beth has provided leadership to numerous local public/private funding collaboratives in the community development, affordable housing, and workforce and youth development areas. She is a former board chair of Associated Grant Makers and is a member of its Public Policy Committee. Beth served previously on the national Council on Foundations' Independent Foundation Task Force and its Diversity and Stewardship Principles for Independent Foundations Committees. Vivian SpiroFor the past 15 years, Vivian Spiro has served as Chairman of the Board of the Associates of the Boston Public Library, transforming a small, independent 501c3 with a literary focus into a significant source of financial support for thecataloging, conservation and digitization of the BPL's Special Collections. During that time, she has become well acquainted with many BPL employees at every level, and has developed an in-depth understanding of the institution's operations and history. Under her leadership, the Associates established the David McCullough Conservation Fund, William O. Taylor Art Preservation Fund, and an endowment for conservation a writer-in-residence program for an emerging children's author three annual ""signature"" programs designed to spark public awareness of the BPL as a provider of top quality, free educational resources and series of presentations by scholars aimed at generating interest in and support for conservation of the Special Collections. The Associates' annual ""Literary Lights"" dinner, which honors outstanding writers from the Northeast and raises money for the McCullough Conservation Fund, is considered one of Boston's most successful fundraisers. Prior to joining the Associates Board in 1998, Vivian served as an Overseer of the Museum of Fine Arts, a member of the Events Committee of the Boston Athenaeum and Chairman of the President's Circle at Beth Israel Hospital. A former journalist and then owner-operator of a public relations firm specializing in medical and technical accounts, Vivian later worked for Blackside Productions on ""Eyes on the Prize,"" the award winning Civil Rights documentary. She is a resident of Beacon Hill, and a graduate of Tufts University.Willie Wideman-PleasantsWillie Wideman-Pleasants is an author, poet, producer, teacher, cable show host, and the President of the Friends of the Uphams Corner Library. As the President of the friends group for the last three years, she has worked with library to bring and promote poetry readings, dance groups, publishing opportunities to aspiring writers. She is a team leader for a Jumpstart program that helps three-to-five year old children prepare to enter kindergarten to succeed with language and literacy skills. She created and facilitates a class called ""Storytelling at Tea,"" which was offered as a course for the Osher Life Learning Institute at University of Mass. Boston. She is the producer and host of her own award-winning cable show called ""Willie's Web,"" Boston Neighborhood Network (BNN). She combined her talent with three other women and created a professional published author group called, ""Authors Without Borders."" They also have a cable show on which Ms. Pleasants is one of the producers, directors and host.Tracy WigginsTracy Wiggins has a long history with the neighborhoods of Boston and many of the branches throughout the Boston Public Library system. She was born in Roxbury, Mass. and spent many days at the Dudley Branch before beginning working there in 1989 at the age of 21 as a Librarian Assistant II. Over the last 26 years, Tracy has spent time working at 14 of the branches, and has been back at Dudley for the last five years. Tracy and her husband settled in Roslindale after living in Dorchester, Mattapan, the North End, and Hyde Park over the years. Tracy is an executive board member of Local 1526 of AFSCME Council 93, which represents many workers at the Boston Public Library, and is currently a member of the BPL Joint Labor Management Board and Health & Safety Committee. In the past she has served on many other BPL committees, such as the Branch Planning Committee, Change Team Committee and the Compass Committee, giving her a broad understanding of the workings of the BPL and its staff.Linda ZecherLinda K. Zecher joined Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (HMH) in September 2011 as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, bringing a strong track record of business transformation and results. Her extensive sales, marketing and technology experience contribute to her ability to successfully lead HMH's transformation into a global leader in educational content and media. Previously, she served as Corporate Vice President of Microsoft's $8 billion Worldwide Public Sector organization, where she led a team of nearly 2,000 sales and marketing professionals serving government, education and healthcare customers in more than 100 countries. Prior to joining Microsoft in 2003, Linda held leadership positions with Texas Instruments, Bank of America, PeopleSoft, Oracle and Evolve Corp. Linda currently serves on the board of Hasbro Corporation and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. She has previously served on numerous boards including the Intelligence National Security Association (INSA), U.S. State Department's board for overseas schools and James Madison University's board of visitors. Linda holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Ohio State University and an honorary doctorate from Bentley University."
Today, the Boston Public Library announced that celebrated childrens and young adult author, Jacqueline Woodson, winner of the National Book Award, the Coretta Scott King Award, and a Newbery Honor Medal, will visit three Boston Public Library branches in November. Woodsons visits are part of the BPLs Brown Girl Dreaming initiative hosted at the Codman Square, Grove Hall, and Dudley branches this fall, and inspired by the authors book of the same title.Jacqueline Woodsons story is powerful, and important for young people to hear, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. Through the Brown Girl Dreaming initiative, young people are learning that the powerful stories found in books, can inspire them to dream and grow.Launched in September, the Brown Girl Dreaming initiative is aimed at connecting Boston children and teens in grades 5-12 through Woodsons powerful memoir-in-verse, and encouraging them to dream about their futures and possibilities. The initiative includes discussion groups about Woodsons book and poetry workshops, culminating with Woodsons branch visits on Thursday, November 19, where she will talk about Brown Girl Dreaming, take questions, and sign books.With the generous support of Bank of America, 500 young Bostonians have received a copy of Woodsons celebrated book, published in 2014, which details the authors experience grow[ing] up as an African American in the 1960s and 1970s, living with the remnants of Jim Crow and my growing awareness of the Civil Rights movement.Bank of America is pleased to support this thoughtful learning initiative that can make a deep impression on a young life, said Miceal Chamberlain, Massachusetts President for Bank of America. Were proud to invest in Bostons neighborhoods and support learning across the city.Woodson will visit three branches on Thursday, November 19, 2015:Codman Square Branch, 690 Washington Street, Dorchester at 10:00 a.m. (limited seating)Grove Hall Branch, 41 Geneva Avenue, Dorchester at 12:15 p.m. (limited seating)Dudley Branch, 65 Warren Street, Roxbury at 7:00 p.m.All of Woodsons branch visits are free and open to the public, however, seating will be limited at the Codman Square Branch and Grove Hall Branch events, due to the planned attendance of students from Boston Public Schools. The public is encouraged to attend the evening Dudley Branch program to ensure seating, and books will be available for purchase at that time.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that as part of Boston's ""Homes for the Brave"" initiative, the City this morning hosted its first-ever housing surge for veterans at Pine Street Inn. Representatives from 11 partner agencies gathered for the first time in one place to efficiently assist veterans in connecting with housing and housing resources.""One of the biggest barriers for a returning veteran is finding safe, affordable housing,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We must do all that we can to honor the men and women who have served our country, and I thank all of the partners who stepped forward to make this event a success. No veteran should be homeless - and in Boston, we are working to make that a reality.""Attoday'sevent, 60 homeless veterans met with representatives from various agencies to better understand the resources available for them to become housed. Veterans were able to speak to the Veterans Administration (VA) to apply for benefits to the CORI board to learn about their CORI status and how to make appropriate changes to their criminal records to housing search experts from HomeStart, and work with the VA and the Boston Housing Authority to become certified for housing vouchers that will enable them to afford apartments in the private market.""We at Pine Street Inn were honored to host today's event,""said Lyndia Downie, President of Pine Street Inn. ""We were thrilled at the overwhelming response, with veterans lining up at the door before the eventstarted. To see all the partners working together, and to know that many of these veterans are on their way to being housed, is so very gratifying.""To prepare for the event, the City compiled a list of unhoused veterans, and undertook significant outreach to the city's shelters and outreach workers to ensure that homeless veterans were aware of the event. Pine Street Inn provided transportation from the city's shelters so that veterans could easily reach the event, and provided breakfast and coffee to all attendees.Of the approximately 100 homeless veterans on the list, 60 homeless veterans attended today's event. Thirty-eight personal criminal records were ordered, so that veterans could begin to clear their records to prepare for housing search 21 veterans were able to order proof of veteran service so that they could become eligible for veterans' benefits. Twenty-eight veterans were enrolled in rapid rehousing programs, and will now be eligible for help with finding housing, supportive services, and short-term funds to help them get into private market housing, such as rental assistance and security deposit assistance. Fourteen veterans left today's event with Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) vouchers, which will enable them to immediately begin looking for permanent housing. Nine additional veterans applied for permanent supportive housing programs that do not require VA eligibility.In July of 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston signed on to the First Lady's Mayoral Challenge to end homelessness among veterans. As part of the ""Homes for the Brave"" initiative that was launched as a result, the City of Boston has committed to putting a functional end to veterans homelessness by the end of 2015. Putting a functional end to homelessness means that:At the time of the launch, there were 414 homeless veterans in Boston. Since then, 484 homeless veterans have been housed. New veterans continue to enter the system however, the average length of stay in shelter among veterans has been reduced. At the start of the initiative, 50 percent of homeless veterans left shelter in less than six months today, that number has increased to 70 percent.  The partners who made today's successful veterans surge possible include:To learn more, please visit:boston.gov/veterans."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofRethinkCityHall.org, a website designed to encourage civic participation in the City Hall campus plan study, a one-year comprehensive planning process that will serve as a roadmap for the operation and design improvements to City Hall and the plaza.This announcement is one of three interrelated efforts that the City is pursuing to reinvigorate and bring new life to both City Hall and City Hall Plaza.  As part of the Campus Plan Request for Qualifications (RFQ) that was released on June 8, 2015, the City has selected Utile, a local architecture and planning firm, to partner with the city to lead the campus plan study. Utile is teamed with Grimshaw Architects and Reed Hilderbrand for the design phases of the effort.""I am excited to have Utile on board as we work to identify ways to activate our civic spaces,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we progress in the planning process, it is important to take inventory of all of our assets to be able to identify opportunities for improvement. This study will help us develop a thoughtful and forward-thinking plan to reimagine City Hall and the plaza as thriving, healthy and innovative civic spaces.""""We are energized by Mayor Walsh's challenge and are excited to work with the various constituencies to develop an innovative plan,"" said Tim Love, a principal at Utile. ""Thinking about the functional, programmatic and experiential aspects of both the building and plaza provides the opportunity to fundamentally rethink City Hall.""Both the City and Utile are committed to an open and interactive process that engages members of the public, community groups, professional organizations, and as part of that effort the website will include information about stakeholder meetings and public forums. Additionally, the website will be updated on an ongoing basis with the research, analysis, concepts and design scenarios generated by the consultant team.Under the direction of the Mayor's Chief of Operations, theProperty and Construction Management Departmentwill lead and coordinate each process and all proposed activities through the appropriate city departments.The process for the campus plan study is organized into three phrases:REFERENCESCampus Plan RFQ:The City has selected the design firm Utile to develop a master plan for City Hall, City Hall Plaza and 26 Court St. The result of this plan will be a vision and a roadmap for the operation and design improvements to those facilities.Plaza Partner RFP:While the campus plan is being developed, the City, through an RFP, is seeking a partner to improve City Hall Plaza over the next three years. The awardee of this RFP will not receive any benefit in a future RFP that may arise from the Campus Plan study. Civic/Cultural Partner RFP:The City is interested in partnering with an entity to operate a civic/cultural entity in City Hall whose presence could complement the cultural and historic institutions in the area and enhance the current building. This partner will be the subject of a future RFP."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, November 3, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofRethinkCityHall.org, a website designed to encourage civic participation in the City Hall campus plan study, a one-year comprehensive planning process that will serve as a roadmap for the operation and design improvements to City Hall and the plaza.This announcement is one of three interrelated efforts that the City is pursuing to reinvigorate and bring new life to both City Hall and City Hall Plaza.  As part of the Campus Plan Request for Qualifications (RFQ) that was released on June 8, 2015, the City has selected Utile, a local architecture and planning firm, to partner with the city to lead the campus plan study. Utile is teamed with Grimshaw Architects and Reed Hilderbrand for the design phases of the effort.""I am excited to have Utile on board as we work to identify ways to activate our civic spaces,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we progress in the planning process, it is important to take inventory of all of our assets to be able to identify opportunities for improvement. This study will help us develop a thoughtful and forward-thinking plan to reimagine City Hall and the plaza as thriving, healthy and innovative civic spaces.""""We are energized by Mayor Walsh's challenge and are excited to work with the various constituencies to develop an innovative plan,"" said Tim Love, a principal at Utile. ""Thinking about the functional, programmatic and experiential aspects of both the building and plaza provides the opportunity to fundamentally rethink City Hall.""Both the City and Utile are committed to an open and interactive process that engages members of the public, community groups, professional organizations, and as part of that effort the website will include information about stakeholder meetings and public forums. Additionally, the website will be updated on an ongoing basis with the research, analysis, concepts and design scenarios generated by the consultant team.Under the direction of the Mayor's Chief of Operations, theProperty and Construction Management Departmentwill lead and coordinate each process and all proposed activities through the appropriate city departments.The process for the campus plan study is organized into three phrases:REFERENCESCampus Plan RFQ:The City has selected the design firm Utile to develop a master plan for City Hall, City Hall Plaza and 26 Court St. The result of this plan will be a vision and a roadmap for the operation and design improvements to those facilities.Plaza Partner RFP:While the campus plan is being developed, the City, through an RFP, is seeking a partner to improve City Hall Plaza over the next three years. The awardee of this RFP will not receive any benefit in a future RFP that may arise from the Campus Plan study. Civic/Cultural Partner RFP:The City is interested in partnering with an entity to operate a civic/cultural entity in City Hall whose presence could complement the cultural and historic institutions in the area and enhance the current building. This partner will be the subject of a future RFP."
Figuring out how to do this right required that we first understand precisely whats wrong with it now.First we talked to City workers. They shared their stories about the services they provide, the information they need to share, and who they see their as their primary audiences. We also heard the difficulty they sometimes experience in getting their message out on the website.We met with residents who have used the site. They shared with us the difficulty that they have had locating and even understanding information on the site. Some were confused by the overwhelming amount of information there is to sift through. Others felt outright disenfranchised by the sites language and poor organization.Both groups were entirely frank and brutally honest about having been frustrated trying to share or find important information on the site.To round out our research, we also interviewed people without such clear interest in the Citys website, such as the wayfinding expert who spoke with us about how people quickly navigate complex information visually.Looking at all the stories that were shared with us as a whole, we arrived at four Strategic Principles that will provide design guidelines for the team and shape the development of the site. However, their usefulness does not end at launch-- we will refer to them in decision making as we maintain and expand the site going forward.These four principles are a constant reminder of what we need to create and maintain a citizen-centered site:In future posts, well explain each of these design principles, how they came to be, and how they may influence the final design.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh will be on hand on Tuesday, November 10, at the House of Blues Boston to Co-Chair HubNob, an annual fundraiser for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.BCYF centers are the hubs of the neighborhoods and do so much for our city, said Mayor Walsh. From reaching out to at risk youth through our Streetworker Program to helping special needs Bostonians at Camp Joy, to providing affordable and accessible programming to the people of our city, BCYF deserves our support.HubNob is the annual signature event of the Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families. The theme for this year's HubNob is On The Road to Success With BCYF. Serving over 2,500 individuals a day, BCYF community centers are a steadfast institution in Bostons neighborhoods and an important stop for children and families on the road to success. With a wide range of affordable, enriching programs, and activities for individuals of all ages, BCYF is truly paving the way to opportunity for Bostons youth and families.This five-year old event quickly established itself as one of Boston's must attend events due to the delicious food, fun crowd, live music by Soul City Band, and unique silent auction and raffle items. While supporting a great cause, guests will have the opportunity to enjoy food prepared by neighborhood restaurants including Chicken and Rice guys, House of Blues, Pastoral, Savin Bar & Kitchen, Sophia's Grotto, Ducali Pizzaria & Bar, Bella Luna & The Milky Way, Brahmin, 224 Boston Street, Man Escondido Cafm Crave Boston and Restaurante Cesarias. VIP guests will enjoy music by Bostons own, Lisa Bello, and food provided by Devlin's Bistro and Pikalo Boston.BCYF would not be able to offer such a broad range of dynamic, affordable programming and events to Boston families without the funds raised through HubNob, said Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of BCYF. 60,000 people visit BCYF centers every year and count on us to offer the services and support they need.Major sponsors of HubNob to date include: Partners HealthCare, Brigham and Womens Health Care, Massachusetts General Hospital, John Hancock, Comcast and East Boston Neighborhood Health Center. Clear Channel Outdoor has provided in-kind support through HubNob billboards in key locations in Boston and Pretty Instant will be on hand engaging participants and taking fun photos that can be emailed to them.Each of BCYFs 29 community centers, 17 pools and 1 beach offer a variety of educational, recreational and social programming for people of all ages. Through the support of volunteers, local advisory councils, and many community partners, BCYF centers programs reflect the needs and interests of Bostons neighborhoods. Proceeds from HubNob 2015 will be used to continue to create new opportunities for Bostons teens at BCYF community centers and engaging programs that help teens learn new skills, develop new interests, and interact with caring mentors. Funds will also be used to expand girls-only programming and to support BCYF aquatics programs which are some of the most popular offerings at BCYF including the annual swim league which involves over 300 youth each year.Expected to join the Mayor and Chris Byner, will be a host of local notables including Jenny Johnson, co-host of NESNs Dining Playbook, who will serve as the HubNob VIP M.C. and Jose Masso, host of Con Salsa!, who will be the Main Event MC. For information about HubNob, visit HubNobBoston.com.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston Credit Union will sponsor themidnightfireworks on New Year's Eve as part of the First Night 2016 celebration.""I am grateful for the City of Boston Credit Union for stepping up and sponsoring this year'smidnightfireworks,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I know how special this tradition is to so many of Boston's residents and visitors, and I am confident under the experienced leadership at Conventures, this year's First Night will be a success.""The Credit Union will donate $30,000 to allow themidnightfireworks tradition to continue. ""The City of Boston Credit Union has been serving the City for over 100 years and we support Mayor Walsh 100 percent in his effort to preserve the Boston Tradition that is theMidnightFire Works on New Year's Eve,"" said President of the Boston Credit Union Board Steve Green. Earlier this year following a public Request for Proposal (RFP) process, the City of Boston awarded a one year partnership to Conventures, Inc. to manage and direct First Night Boston 2016.  "
"The City of Boston Election Department announced today that polls will be open from7:00 AM - 8:00 PMfor the City of Boston's election onTuesday, November 3.""The City of Boston Election Department will work to ensure a timely, responsible and orderly Election Day operation,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Residents and organizations are encouraged to assist in boosting civic engagement for elections by sending reminders to fellow neighbors, family and friends. Civic engagement is critical to making effective change in our communities and one of the best ways for our residents to participate is to exercise the right to vote.""Ballots have been printed for more than Boston's372,889 registered voters. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 1,600poll workers to staff more than 170 polling locations, covering approximately 255 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Election results will be posted online atwww.boston.govafter the polls close at8:00 P.M.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations and to view sample (specimen) ballots.Members of the media are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled the Boston Permits & Licenses online platform, the latest step in making Boston's permitting process easier, clearer and more predictable.  ""We are committed to creating a permitting process that is user-friendly, modern, and easily accessible to all of our customers,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A more supportive system gives our homeowners, businesses and contractors more opportunities to improve our City for the long-term.""The release of the Boston Permits & Licenses platformwill focus on supporting businesses, homeowners, and contractors through the entire permitting process. It hasbeen in development over the past year, and will provide a more modern, easy-to-use interface.The following features will be part of the initial release of Boston Permits & Licenses, for the first time providing customers with the ability to:""This technology will make it easier for our customers to do business with the City of Boston,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer. ""Our goal is to deliver digital services for Boston that are as good as those from the best private companies.""This release has been preceded by a series ofinterim improvements to permittingthat the Mayor has rolled out over the past year, which stemmed from the City's first HubHacks event in August 2014.Boston Permits and Licenses is the product of a partnership with OpenCounter and Accela, first announced in December 2014. The new online experience will be rolled out in a series of phases, gradually incorporating new permit and license types and additional features, and continuously evolving based on user feedback and getting better with time.""The City of Boston is a leader in the application of innovative civic technologies"" said OpenCounter Co-Founder, Joel Mahoney. ""We're thrilled to be a partner on the project, and to launch additional tools in the coming months that will further streamline this core government service.""Individuals or companies interested in becoming beta users of the product and helping to provide feedback on new functionality can sign up atpermits.boston.gov."
"BOSTON -Monday, November 2, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled the Boston Permits andLicenses online platform, the latest step in making Boston's permitting process easier, clearer and more predictable.  ""We are committed to creating a permitting process that is user-friendly, modern, and easily accessible to all of our customers,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A more supportive system gives our homeowners, businesses and contractors more opportunities to improve our City for the long-term.""The release of the Boston Permits andLicenses platformwill focus on supporting businesses, homeowners, and contractors through the entire permitting process. It hasbeen in development over the past year, and will provide a more modern, easy-to-use interface.The following features will be part of the initial release of Boston Permits andLicenses, for the first time providing customers with the ability to:""This technology will make it easier for our customers to do business with the City of Boston,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer. ""Our goal is to deliver digital services for Boston that are as good as those from the best private companies.""This release has been preceded by a series ofinterim improvements to permittingthat the Mayor has rolled out over the past year, which stemmed from the City's first HubHacks event in August 2014.Boston Permits and Licensesis the product of a partnership with OpenCounter and Accela, first announced in December 2014. The new online experience will be rolled out in a series of phases, gradually incorporating new permit and license types and additional features, and continuously evolving based on user feedback and getting better with time.""The City of Boston is a leader in the application of innovative civic technologies"" said OpenCounter Co-Founder, Joel Mahoney. ""We're thrilled to be a partner on the project, and to launch additional tools in the coming months that will further streamline this core government service.""Individuals or companies interested in becoming beta users of the product and helping to provide feedback on new functionality can sign up atpermits.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted a street arcade in the South End to celebrate the expansion of the ParkBoston app to all 8,000 metered parking spaces in the City of Boston. The app allows drivers to quickly and easily pay a meter with their mobile phone, avoiding the hassle of finding quarters or running back to meters to add more time before it expires. To date, there have been more than 150,000 downloads of the app.""Updating parking meters so that they accept smartphone payments is a huge step forward in our goal of using technology to improve basic city services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""People are embracing ParkBoston as a new way to pay their parking meter, and there are currently over 100,000 active users of the app. We expect that number to continue to grow as people learn how easy and convenient it is to pay a parking meter with their phone.""The average number of transactions taking place per day in July was 3,361 in August, 4,665 and in September, 6,054. A one day high of 9,486 transactions was reached on October 29th.""Developing and implementing ParkBoston has been a joint effort of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Boston Transportation Department,"" said Chris Osgood, Boston's Chief of Streets. ""It is a perfect example of the good work that is being accomplished as City agencies combine resources and collaborate to bring useful initiatives to our constituents.""As part of the celebration of the success of ParkBoston, the street party featured games such asWhack-a-MoleandMs. Pacman,as well as ParkBoston, themed giveaways and a bubble hockey tournament with app users. These games are aimed at highlighting the entertaining ways that people can use their quarters now that they are no longer needed for parking meter payments. During the arcade event, Mayor Walsh teamed up with Boston Bruins alum Rick ""Nifty"" Middleton to challenge users in a competitive game of bubble hockey.""ParkBoston is a customer service enhancement that provides both convenience and time-savings,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""Using this form of payment, there is no need to feed an individual meter or seek out a pay station. Motorists may simply pull into a legal space in a metered parking zone, access their ParkBoston account, and pay the meter fee remotely by phone with a credit card.""""We know that parking in Boston isn't always easy, but the ParkBoston app improves at least one aspect of the experience,"" said Kris Carter, co-chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""People have been using ParkBoston since it was first introduced in January as a pilot program in the Back Bay. Today is a way to bring a little bit of fun to the street and celebrate the completion of the citywide expansion of the ParkBoston program.""The free ParkBoston app is also available online atPark.Boston.govand through the App Store or Google Play for iPhone and Android users. A pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones.Additionally, the Boston Meter Card will be phased out as a meter payment option. The Boston Meter Card, a pre-paid card sold in denominations from $5 to $100, was made available in 2011 as a parking meter payment option at single space meters. At that time, Boston's multi-space meter pay stations accepted dollar bills, quarters and credit cards, but the City's single space meters only accepted quarters.Although Boston Meter Cards are no longer for sale, they will continue to be accepted as payment for another few months. Those with an existing Boston Meter Card balance have the option of transferring their balance into a ParkBoston account.Please contact the Office of the Parking Clerk at617-635-4410for more information on completing this transaction. City Hall to Go Truck staff will also assist with this process. The truck's schedule may be viewed athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/.Passport, an industry leader in mobile payments, worked with the City of Boston in bringing ParkBoston to local motorists."
"BOSTON -Friday, October 30, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted a street arcade in the South End to celebrate the expansion of the ParkBoston app to all 8,000 metered parking spaces in the City of Boston. The app allows drivers to quickly and easily pay a meter with their mobile phone, avoiding the hassle of finding quarters or running back to meters to add more time before it expires. To date, there have been more than 150,000 downloads of the app.""Updating parking meters so that they accept smartphone payments is a huge step forward in our goal of using technology to improve basic city services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""People are embracing ParkBoston as a new way to pay their parking meter, and there are currently over 100,000 active users of the app. We expect that number to continue to grow as people learn how easy and convenient it is to pay a parking meter with their phone.""The average number of transactions taking place per day in July was 3,361 in August, 4,665 and in September, 6,054. A one day high of 9,486 transactions was reached on October 29th.""Developing and implementing ParkBoston has been a joint effort of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Boston Transportation Department,"" said Chris Osgood, Boston's Chief of Streets. ""It is a perfect example of the good work that is being accomplished as City agencies combine resources and collaborate to bring useful initiatives to our constituents.""As part of the celebration of the success of ParkBoston, the street party featured games such asWhack-a-MoleandMs. Pacman,as well as ParkBoston, themed giveaways and a bubble hockey tournament with app users. These games are aimed at highlighting the entertaining ways that people can use their quarters now that they are no longer needed for parking meter payments. During the arcade event, Mayor Walsh teamed up with Boston Bruins alum Rick ""Nifty"" Middleton to challenge users in a competitive game of bubble hockey.""ParkBoston is a customer service enhancement that provides both convenience and time-savings,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""Using this form of payment, there is no need to feed an individual meter or seek out a pay station. Motorists may simply pull into a legal space in a metered parking zone, access their ParkBoston account, and pay the meter fee remotely by phone with a credit card.""""We know that parking in Boston isn't always easy, but the ParkBoston app improves at least one aspect of the experience,"" said Kris Carter, co-chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""People have been using ParkBoston since it was first introduced in January as a pilot program in the Back Bay. Today is a way to bring a little bit of fun to the street and celebrate the completion of the citywide expansion of the ParkBoston program.""The free ParkBoston app is also available online atPark.Boston.govand through the App Store or Google Play for iPhone and Android users. A pay-by-voice option is offered for those without web-enabled phones.Additionally, the Boston Meter Card will be phased out as a meter payment option. The Boston Meter Card, a pre-paid card sold in denominations from $5 to $100, was made available in 2011 as a parking meter payment option at single space meters. At that time, Boston's multi-space meter pay stations accepted dollar bills, quarters and credit cards, but the City's single space meters only accepted quarters.Although Boston Meter Cards are no longer for sale, they will continue to be accepted as payment for another few months. Those with an existing Boston Meter Card balance have the option of transferring their balance into a ParkBoston account.Please contact the Office of the Parking Clerk at617-635-4410for more information on completing this transaction. City Hall to Go Truck staff will also assist with this process. The truck's schedule may be viewed athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/.Passport, an industry leader in mobile payments, worked with the City of Boston in bringing ParkBoston to local motorists."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has set a 15 year record for housing completions, with a total of3,292 net units in 2015, representing $1.4 billion in value. The prior record was 3,257 units, set in 2006.  While celebrating the groundbreaking of a new 380 bed student housing facility at Emerson College, the Mayor announcedthatnearly 1,200 dorm beds have been permitted to date in 2015. The data comes from theCity's quarterly housing reportwhich noted that with the permitting of the 252-bed New England Conservatory Student Life and Performance Center this quarter, Boston's has achieved its highest level of dorm production since 2007. ""In order to strengthen our City and our workforce, we must meet the goals of our ambitious housing plan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I appreciate the efforts of our development community and our colleges and universities in helping us meet these challenges and we will continue working to create and maintain housing that keeps up with our City's growth.""The Walsh administration housing plan calls for quarterly reports on progress. The City's Quarter 3 report includes:As outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, creating safe, sanitary and affordable student housing is a priority of the Walsh administration. The plan outlines a goal of creating 16,000 new undergraduate and 2,500 graduate dorm beds, which the City estimates will result in 5,000 units of former workforce housing being released back into the middle-income housing market. With today's numbers, the City is now tracking at 83 percent of the pace to achieve this goal -- an improvement of more than 20 percent from the beginning of 2015. Currently, the city has a pipeline of 4,986 beds and the total net production is 9,169. This leaves 9,331 additional beds to be created by 2030.In addition to seeing record numbers of dorm beds permitted this year, the City's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Redevelopment Authority have also wrapped up meetings with all of the city's colleges and universities to discuss strategies for adding additional student housing. These meetings were followed up by a letter asking schools to formalize their timelines and plans for new dorm beds, and to formalize schools' commitments to implementing the City's proposed policy that all first-year and sophomore students be housed on campus.The City is currently analyzing the responses to this letter, which will be shared in an upcoming Student Housing Trends report.For the first time under the Walsh Administration, the City has been able to collect significant, meaningful data on students living off-campus, in order to better understand and reduce the pressure on Boston's local housing market generated by the city's large number of off-campus students."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has set a 15 year record for housing completions, with a total of3,292 net units in 2015, representing $1.4 billion in value. The prior record was 3,257 units, set in 2006.  While celebrating the groundbreaking of a new 380 bed student housing facility at Emerson College, the Mayor announcedthatnearly 1,200 dorm beds have been permitted to date in 2015. The data comes from theCity's quarterly housing reportwhich noted that with the permitting of the 252-bed New England Conservatory Student Life and Performance Center this quarter, Boston's has achieved its highest level of dorm production since 2007. ""In order to strengthen our City and our workforce, we must meet the goals of our ambitious housing plan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I appreciate the efforts of our development community and our colleges and universities in helping us meet these challenges and we will continue working to create and maintain housing that keeps up with our City's growth.""The Walsh administration housing plan calls for quarterly reports on progress. The City's Quarter 3 report includes:As outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, creating safe, sanitary and affordable student housing is a priority of the Walsh administration. The plan outlines a goal of creating 16,000 new undergraduate and 2,500 graduate dorm beds, which the City estimates will result in 5,000 units of former workforce housing being released back into the middle-income housing market. With today's numbers, the City is now tracking at 83 percent of the pace to achieve this goal -- an improvement of more than 20 percent from the beginning of 2015. Currently, the city has a pipeline of 4,986 beds and the total net production is 9,169. This leaves 9,331 additional beds to be created by 2030.In addition to seeing record numbers of dorm beds permitted this year, the City's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Redevelopment Authority have also wrapped up meetings with all of the city's colleges and universities to discuss strategies for adding additional student housing. These meetings were followed up by a letter asking schools to formalize their timelines and plans for new dorm beds, and to formalize schools' commitments to implementing the City's proposed policy that all first-year and sophomore students be housed on campus.The City is currently analyzing the responses to this letter, which will be shared in an upcoming Student Housing Trends report.For the first time under the Walsh Administration, the City has been able to collect significant, meaningful data on students living off-campus, in order to better understand and reduce the pressure on Boston's local housing market generated by the city's large number of off-campus students."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced in collaboration with100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC) that the Transatlantic Policy Lab (TAPL) will convene a social equity lab in Boston to assess the ways inequalities in income and opportunity affect Boston's shared resilience and develop policy recommendations to reduce these inequalities.""Every resident of Boston should have access to the wealth of opportunities in this city every day so we can remain competitive and be able to thrive in the face of an emergency,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This study will provide vital assessments of ourequity gaps tohelp reducethe impact ofpotential threatson our communities, and I'm looking forward to reviewing the results and takingthenext steps towards becoming an even stronger city, for ourselves and our children."" Boston is one of only two cities worldwide, along with Athens, Greece, to be selected as pilot sites for the TAPL's work with 100RC.The TAPL will convene16experts from the United States and the European Union to work in conjunction with the host cities in efforts to reduce income inequality and inequality of opportunity. This process will be conducted in close cooperation with members of the Walsh Administration, with input from the local community being an integral role in the process.The TAPL social equity lab is provided to the City of Boston by the 100RC as part of their Platform of Partners. The 100RC Platform consists of private sector, public sector, academic, governmental, and non-profit partners who provide access to important resilience-building resources at no direct cost to the 100RC member cities. The TAPL, established by the Bertelsmann Foundation in collaboration with the Open Society Foundations and the German Marshall Fund of the United States, has been engaged as one of 100RC's platform partners. As part of the social equity lab,the TAPL will review existing research on Boston's equity gaps and engage community partners, residents, and City agencies to develop policy recommendations that will be incorporated into Boston's Resilience Strategy. The Resilience Strategy will support Boston's ability tobecome moreprepared for, able to withstand, and bounce back from the 'shocks' -- catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism -- and 'stresses' -- slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment -- which are increasingly part of 21st century life. The social equity lab is part of an ongoing effort led by Mayor Walsh's newly appointed Chief Resilience Officer,Dr.AtyiaMartin, who is overseeing the development and implementation of a comprehensive Resilience Strategy for the City. In just over seven weeks, Dr. Martin has held over 50 meetings with community and faith-based organizations, City agencies, and business groups to set for the stage for Boston's Resilience Strategy Launch, which officially began on October 28thin partnership with 100RC and with support from HR&A Advisors, Inc. ""Boston facesequitychallenges, like many cities worldwide, andthis processisan important part ofensuringwe continue to grow as a thriving,healthyandinnovative city,"" said Dr. Martin. ""Assessing our resilience is necessary to meet Mayor Walsh's goal for a socially and economically healthy city, from the bottom-up. I'm excited to partner withthe Transatlantic Policy Lab and 100RC to make this possible.""""Partnerships like the one between Boston and the Transatlantic Policy Lab are a crucial component of 100 Resilient Cities' offering to member cities,"" said Liz Yee, Vice President, Strategic Partnerships and Solutions at 100 Resilient Cities. ""We're proud to provide best-in-class tools and services to foster resilience building efforts at no direct cost to our member cities, and excited to leverage the solutions and learnings from this engagement to identify where these approaches can be scaled to address similar challenges in other cities, and encourage the market to develop solutions where there are existing gaps."" The social equity lab complements Boston's overall resilience initiative, which includes a unique focus on socialresilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class. As part of this initiative, Dr. Martin will support all of Boston's major planning efforts, working across City departments and with external stakeholders, and has been particularly tasked with fostering a citywide dialogue on the root causes of Boston's divisions and inequities, helping the city to unite and build collective capacity for change. The two-year position is fully funded through 100RC. About 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. 100RC currently has 67 member cities. For more information, visit:100resilientcities.org/.100RC recently launched the third and final round of the 100 Resilient Cities challenge, where cities can apply to become part of the final cohort of cities in the global network of 100 cities. For application information, visit:100resilientcities.org/."
"BOSTON -Thursday, October 29, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has set a 15 year record for housing completions, with a total of3,292 net units in 2015, representing $1.4 billion in value. The prior record was 3,257 units, set in 2006.While celebrating the groundbreaking of a new 380 bed student housing facility at Emerson College, the Mayor announcedthatnearly 1,200 dorm beds have been permitted to date in 2015. The data comes from theCity's quarterly housing reportwhich noted that with the permitting of the 252-bed New England Conservatory Student Life and Performance Center this quarter, Boston's has achieved its highest level of dorm production since 2007.""In order to strengthen our City and our workforce, we must meet the goals of our ambitious housing plan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I appreciate the efforts of our development community and our colleges and universities in helping us meet these challenges and we will continue working to create and maintain housing that keeps up with our City's growth.""The Walsh administration housing plan calls for quarterly reports on progress. The City's Quarter 3 report includes:As outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, creating safe, sanitary and affordable student housing is a priority of the Walsh administration. The plan outlines a goal of creating 16,000 new undergraduate and 2,500 graduate dorm beds, which the City estimates will result in 5,000 units of former workforce housing being released back into the middle-income housing market. With today's numbers, the City is now tracking at 83 percent of the pace to achieve this goal -- an improvement of more than 20 percent from the beginning of 2015. Currently, the city has a pipeline of 4,986 beds and the total net production is 9,169. This leaves 9,331 additional beds to be created by 2030.In addition to seeing record numbers of dorm beds permitted this year, the City's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Redevelopment Authority have also wrapped up meetings with all of the city's colleges and universities to discuss strategies for adding additional student housing. These meetings were followed up by a letter asking schools to formalize their timelines and plans for new dorm beds, and to formalize schools' commitments to implementing the City's proposed policy that all first-year and sophomore students be housed on campus. The City is currently analyzing the responses to this letter, which will be shared in an upcoming Student Housing Trends report.For the first time under the Walsh Administration, the City has been able to collect significant, meaningful data on students living off-campus, in order to better understand and reduce the pressure on Boston's local housing market generated by the city's large number of off-campus students."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that WrightGrid,the leading provider of solar-powered charging stations for mobile devices, has installed two WrightGrid Model Z charging stations at City Hall Plaza, providing Boston's residents and visitors with free, secure, and sustainable charging. The announcement builds on the Mayor's commitment to establishing City Hall Plaza as a more welcoming and vibrant space.This 60-day pilot is made possible through a partnership with Babson College and aligns with the City of Boston's sustainability goal to support grassroots, community-driven climate action efforts, especially through smart solutions.""We are thrilled to partner with WrightGrid and Babson to bring Boston's residents and visitors solar-powered mobile charging stations at City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These innovative stations further our goals to activate and enhance City Hall Plaza as a welcoming destination.""""We are excited to be part of this free, innovative, sustainable offering that will be of great service to those who live in, work in, and visit the City of Boston,"" said Kerry Healey, President of Babson College. ""As a school committed to social and environmental responsibility, it is always rewarding to see a Babson graduate - especially an award-winning entrepreneur - taking action to solve a problem and bring a new solution that creates both social and economic value.""""We areextremely excited to be launching our second pilot this fall in the City of Boston, through the sponsorship of Babson College,"" said Ryan Wright, CEO & founder of WrightGrid and Babson MBA alumnus. ""The pilot is a perfect opportunity to demonstrate exactly how our Model Z charging stations can be a valuable component of today's smart city infrastructure by providing free sustainable charging solutions to the public. We are so grateful to have such forward-thinking partners in Babson College as well as the City of Boston.""Mayor Walsh earlier this fall announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling for a partner to work with the City of Boston to enhance City Hall Plazato create a compelling vision for how to make the plaza both a civic space and attractive destination for residents and tourists."
"The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), formerly the Office of Jobs and Community Services, today released its first annual report,Building an Inclusive Economy.Mayor Martin J. Walsh restructured and rebranded the office earlier this year after a thorough assessment of community resources, best practices, and efforts of workforce development programs around the country. OWD has since aligned its goals and strategies to leverage funding sources in order to address the Mayor's citywide economic opportunity agenda, focusing on tackling income inequality.""We have made it a priority to advocate for innovative policies and programs that provide career ladders for all of our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From concerned residents and workforce development experts alike, I've often heard that existing programs could be more helpful indirectly leading to good jobs. OWD's reorganization will create more opportunities for Boston's residents and employers.""The new report reviews OWD's successes from July 2014 through June 2015. The office operates and funds a variety of initiatives to support upward financial mobility for individuals and families in Boston. Some of its signature offerings include the Office of Financial Empowerment, Boston's one-stop career centers, employment programs for hard-to-reach youth, children's literacy programs, and the Boston Tax Help Coalition. OWD also helps manage the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, which is funded by fees associated with private development projects and provides grants to nonprofit collaboratives such as SkillWorks and English for New Bostonians.""This past fiscal year we were able to provide over $19.2 million in funding to more than 120 training programs, English for employment programs, bridge programs, youth employment programs and other educational services to help people find stable career paths,"" said OWDDirector Trinh Nguyen.Highlights from the annual report include:The fullBuilding an Inclusive Economyreport can be found on OWD's new website,www.owd.boston.gov. The new site was designed to be more accessible to partners and program participants. It offers information about partnership opportunities, funding initiatives, and news and updates about OWD's programs. The Office is also on Twitter at@OWDBoston. About the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative public agency that seeks to promote economic self-sufficiency to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future, seeking to connect low-income residents with job training and employment opportunities and to promote lifelong literacy and educational pathways.  Supported by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the primary focus of OWD is to enable competitive workforce development initiatives and policies to put Boston's youth and adults on career paths toward economic security. While OWD continues to support adult basic education, ESOL, and Hi-set related programs, OWD stresses the importance of collaboration with the city's workforce development and education initiatives, with an overall emphasis on empowering Bostonians to fulfill their educational and employment aspirations. "
Last Wednesday, October 21, 2015 marked Back to the Future day, the date characters Marty McFly and Dr. Emmett Brown traveled to in the 1989 hit movie Back to the Future II. Flying Deloreans, hoverboards, and Pepsi Perfect havent quite come true because, as it turns out, its pretty hard to predict the future.But theres a lot we know today that can inform us about what the future could look like. We were reminded of this as face-to-face engagement for Imagine Boston 2030, our first citywide planning process in 50 years, kicked off last week with an open house at the Bruce Bolling Building in Dudley Square. In short, data was on everyones mind. There was no shortage of interesting information about what our city looks like today that helped guide peoples conversations about the Boston of tomorrow (or 2030, in this case).The Boston Redevelopment Authoritys research division has been hard at work preparing detailed briefings and background information to help city staff and the public better understand Bostons changing demographics and economy as we collectively begin to think about how our home should transform in the next generation.Below are a few highlights from the teams data gathering efforts.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, October 28, 2015- The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), formerly the Office of Jobs and Community Services, today released its first annual report,Building an Inclusive Economy.Mayor Martin J. Walsh restructured and rebranded the office earlier this year after a thorough assessment of community resources, best practices, and efforts of workforce development programs around the country. OWD has since aligned its goals and strategies to leverage funding sources in order to address the Mayor's citywide economic opportunity agenda, focusing on tackling income inequality.""We have made it a priority to advocate for innovative policies and programs that provide career ladders for all of our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From concerned residents and workforce development experts alike, I've often heard that existing programs could be more helpful indirectly leading to good jobs. OWD's reorganization will create more opportunities for Boston's residents and employers.""The new report reviews OWD's successes from July 2014 through June 2015. The office operates and funds a variety of initiatives to support upward financial mobility for individuals and families in Boston. Some of its signature offerings include the Office of Financial Empowerment, Boston's one-stop career centers, employment programs for hard-to-reach youth, children's literacy programs, and the Boston Tax Help Coalition. OWD also helps manage the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, which is funded by fees associated with private development projects and provides grants to nonprofit collaboratives such as SkillWorks and English for New Bostonians.""This past fiscal year we were able to provide over $19.2 million in funding to more than 120 training programs, English for employment programs, bridge programs, youth employment programs and other educational services to help people find stable career paths,"" said OWDDirector Trinh Nguyen.Highlights from the annual report include:The fullBuilding an Inclusive Economyreport can be found on OWD's new website. The new site was designed to be more accessible to partners and program participants. It offers information about partnership opportunities, funding initiatives, and news and updates about OWD's programs. The Office is also on Twitter at@OWDBoston.About the Mayor's Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative public agency that seeks to promote economic self-sufficiency to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future, seeking to connect low-income residents with job training and employment opportunities and to promote lifelong literacy and educational pathways.  Supported by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the primary focus of OWD is to enable competitive workforce development initiatives and policies to put Boston's youth and adults on career paths toward economic security. While OWD continues to support adult basic education, ESOL, and Hi-set related programs, OWD stresses the importance of collaboration with the city's workforce development and education initiatives, with an overall emphasis on empowering Bostonians to fulfill their educational and employment aspirations. "
"BOSTON -Wednesday, October 28, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that WrightGrid,the leading provider of solar-powered charging stations for mobile devices, has installed two WrightGrid Model Z charging stations at City Hall Plaza, providing Boston's residents and visitors with free, secure, and sustainable charging. The announcement builds on the Mayor's commitment to establishing City Hall Plaza as a more welcoming and vibrant space.This 60-day pilot is made possible through a partnership with Babson College and aligns with the City of Boston's sustainability goal to support grassroots, community-driven climate action efforts, especially through smart solutions.""We are thrilled to partner with WrightGrid and Babson to bring Boston's residents and visitors solar-powered mobile charging stations at City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These innovative stations further our goals to activate and enhance City Hall Plaza as a welcoming destination.""""We are excited to be part of this free, innovative, sustainable offering that will be of great service to those who live in, work in, and visit the City of Boston,"" said Kerry Healey, President of Babson College. ""As a school committed to social and environmental responsibility, it is always rewarding to see a Babson graduate - especially an award-winning entrepreneur - taking action to solve a problem and bring a new solution that creates both social and economic value.""""We are extremely excited to be launching our second pilot this fall in the City of Boston, through the sponsorship of Babson College,"" said Ryan Wright, CEO & founder of WrightGrid and Babson MBA alumnus. ""The pilot is a perfect opportunity to demonstrate exactly how our Model Z charging stations can be a valuable component of today's smart city infrastructure by providing free sustainable charging solutions to the public. We are so grateful to have such forward-thinking partners in Babson College as well as the City of Boston.""Mayor Walsh earlier this fall announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling for a partner to work with the City of Boston to enhance City Hall Plazato create a compelling vision for how to make the plaza both a civic space and attractive destination for residents and tourists."
"The City of Boston Election Department announced today that in preparation for theTuesday, November 3rdElection, voters should plan to visit the polls between7:00 AM and 8:00 PM.""The City of Boston Election Department will work to ensure a timely, responsible and orderly Election Day operation,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Residents and organizations are encouraged to assist in boosting civic engagement for elections by sending reminders to fellow neighbors, family and friends. Civic engagement is critical to making effective change in our communities and one of the best ways for our residents to participate is to exercise the right to vote."" November 2, 2015 at noon is the deadline for Absentee ballot applications and in person absentee voting.Ballots have been printed for more than Boston's373,232 registered voters. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 1,500poll workers to staff more than 170 polling locations, covering approximately 255 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos showing proof of voter participation. Election Results will be posted online atwww.boston.govafter the polls close at8:00 P.M.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations and to view sample (specimen) ballots.Members of the media are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofStartHub, a comprehensive, centralized, online platform designed to connect, support, and grow Greater Boston's world-class technology and early-stage community. Developed in a public-private partnership between theCity of Boston,Venture Caf,IBM, andGust, StartHub will serve as the homepage for Greater Boston's startup community, providing information and resources that will help connect the people of Boston to all the opportunities in the region's ecosystem.""Boston is a city known for its creative talent and innovative spirit, and I am proud to announce the launch of StartHub which will connect entrepreneurs and innovators with the tools and resources they need to grow and thrive in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to offer our startup community this centralized online platform and I thank all of the partners for their collaboration as we continue to establish Boston as a hub of entrepreneurship.""Announced by Mayor Walsh in his 2015 State of the City Address, StartHub is built to support and grow Greater Boston's burgeoning innovation economy into a world-class leader. Visitors to StartHub will have simultaneous access to a curated stream of Boston-based startup companies and early-stage investors information on career opportunities and educational courses the universal calendar for tech and startup community events the complete guide to co-working and incubator spaces news about the Boston digital and startup community and additional features, all in one accessible, centralized location. StartHub is designed to spur economic growth by connecting potential business partners and fostering a thriving startup community. ""Venture Caf is proud to be partnering with the City of Boston and Gust to offer StartHub as a startup resource center for the Greater Boston region,"" said Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf Foundation.""We strive to connect all parts of the innovation community to help start and grow businesses.StartHub will be a great tool for entrepreneurs to find programs, events, funding sources, prospective employees, guidance and general support for their startups. We also look forward to working with many other content partners that will help populate the site. Our objective is that all parts of the innovation ecosystem see increased activity from StartHub.""Innovation and entrepreneurship are the dual engines for economic growth for the Greater Boston region. In order to accommodate this growth, technology and innovation clusters have developed throughout the region. With StartHub, these communities are being brought together into one, unified platform. ""StartHub is an embodiment of how the public and private sectors can align to support and drive innovation by building the infrastructure for a world-class startup ecosystem,"" said David S. Rose, CEO of Gust. ""The City of Boston and Venture Caf's commitment to the early-stage community with this new online platform will yield an unparalleled resource for all players of the tech ecosystem. Every entrepreneur, innovator, and curious mind in the Greater Boston region will now have the tools and resources they need to participate in their city's burgeoning economy."" ""IBM is proud to have a strong partnership with an innovative city like Boston to spur economic growth in the region,"" said IBM General Manger for Cloud Ecosystems and Developers Sandy Carter. ""This is a driving force in why IBM continues to invest in local digital communities to better shape the cloud startup and developer experience. StartHub is designed to bring the city's dynamic and creative business culture into the cloud, and will help to unleash new innovation which will solidify Boston's status as one of the world's greatest technology hubs."" Members of the community are invited and encouraged to become an active partner in StartHub, whether by adding their startup, event, job, course, workspace, incubator/accelerator, news, or content feed.  For more information, visithttp://starthub.org/pressIBM CloudIBM Cloudoffers one of the industry's largest portfolio of software, services, datacenter solutions and consulting for private, public and hybrid cloud environments. Total revenue for IBM Cloud was $8.7 billion, for the second quarter, ending June 30, 2015, $4.5 billion of which was attributed to XaaS. IBM is helping organizations large and small adopt, manage, scale and benefit from open cloud technologies. About GustGust is the world's largest online platform and community for entrepreneurs and early-stage investors. The platform makes it easy for early-stage investors and entrepreneurs to connect, collaborate, and manage all aspects of their investment relationship, from initial pitch to successful exit. Gust is endorsed by the world's leading business angel and venture capital associations, including the ACA and EBAN, and powers over 550 investment organizations in 190+ countries. More than 300,000 start-ups have already used the platform to connect and collaborate with over 84,000 individual investors. Gust is based in New York, NY, with a European office in London, UK. For more information, please visitwww.gust.com. About Venture CafThe Venture Caf Foundation believes that every person with an idea should feel empowered to become a successful entrepreneur, no matter their background, origin, or education. The Venture Caf's mission is to connect the innovation community, expand the definition of innovation, and build a more inclusive innovation economy. The Venture Caf Foundation enhances and accelerates the innovation process through spaces, programs, and conversations for individuals and organizations to gather and build relationships. Please visit ourwebsitefor more information about our other programs. The Venture Caf Foundation is incorporated as a Massachusetts Not-for-Profit Corporation and is a 501 (c) 3 company."
"October 27, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofStartHub, a comprehensive, centralized, online platform designed to connect, support, and grow Greater Boston's world-class technology and early-stage community. Developed in a public-private partnership between theCity of Boston,Venture Caf,IBM, andGust, StartHub will serve as the homepage for Greater Boston's startup community, providing information and resources that will help connect the people of Boston to all the opportunities in the region's ecosystem.""Boston is a city known for its creative talent and innovative spirit, and I am proud to announce the launch of StartHub which will connect entrepreneurs and innovators with the tools and resources they need to grow and thrive in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to offer our startup community this centralized online platform and I thank all of the partners for their collaboration as we continue to establish Boston as a hub of entrepreneurship.""Announced by Mayor Walsh in his 2015 State of the City Address, StartHub is built to support and grow Greater Boston's burgeoning innovation economy into a world-class leader. Visitors to StartHub will have simultaneous access to a curated stream of Boston-based startup companies and early-stage investors information on career opportunities and educational courses the universal calendar for tech and startup community events the complete guide to co-working and incubator spaces news about the Boston digital and startup community and additional features, all in one accessible, centralized location. StartHub is designed to spur economic growth by connecting potential business partners and fostering a thriving startup community. ""Venture Caf is proud to be partnering with the City of Boston and Gust to offer StartHub as a startup resource center for the Greater Boston region,"" said Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf Foundation.""We strive to connect all parts of the innovation community to help start and grow businesses.StartHub will be a great tool for entrepreneurs to find programs, events, funding sources, prospective employees, guidance and general support for their startups. We also look forward to working with many other content partners that will help populate the site. Our objective is that all parts of the innovation ecosystem see increased activity from StartHub.""Innovation and entrepreneurship are the dual engines for economic growth for the Greater Boston region. In order to accommodate this growth, technology and innovation clusters have developed throughout the region. With StartHub, these communities are being brought together into one, unified platform. ""StartHub is an embodiment of how the public and private sectors can align to support and drive innovation by building the infrastructure for a world-class startup ecosystem,"" said David S. Rose, CEO of Gust. ""The City of Boston and Venture Caf's commitment to the early-stage community with this new online platform will yield an unparalleled resource for all players of the tech ecosystem. Every entrepreneur, innovator, and curious mind in the Greater Boston region will now have the tools and resources they need to participate in their city's burgeoning economy."" ""IBM is proud to have a strong partnership with an innovative city like Boston to spur economic growth in the region,"" said IBM General Manger for Cloud Ecosystems and Developers Sandy Carter. ""This is a driving force in why IBM continues to invest in local digital communities to better shape the cloud startup and developer experience. StartHub is designed to bring the city's dynamic and creative business culture into the cloud, and will help to unleash new innovation which will solidify Boston's status as one of the world's greatest technology hubs."" Members of the community are invited and encouraged to become an active partner in StartHub, whether by adding their startup, event, job, course, workspace, incubator/accelerator, news, or content feed.  For more information, visithttp://starthub.org/pressIBM CloudIBM Cloudoffers one of the industry's largest portfolio of software, services, datacenter solutions and consulting for private, public and hybrid cloud environments. Total revenue for IBM Cloud was $8.7 billion, for the second quarter, ending June 30, 2015, $4.5 billion of which was attributed to XaaS. IBM is helping organizations large and small adopt, manage, scale and benefit from open cloud technologies. About GustGust is the world's largest online platform and community for entrepreneurs and early-stage investors. The platform makes it easy for early-stage investors and entrepreneurs to connect, collaborate, and manage all aspects of their investment relationship, from initial pitch to successful exit. Gust is endorsed by the world's leading business angel and venture capital associations, including the ACA and EBAN, and powers over 550 investment organizations in 190+ countries. More than 300,000 start-ups have already used the platform to connect and collaborate with over 84,000 individual investors. Gust is based in New York, NY, with a European office in London, UK. For more information, please visitwww.gust.com. About Venture CafThe Venture Caf Foundation believes that every person with an idea should feel empowered to become a successful entrepreneur, no matter their background, origin, or education. The Venture Caf's mission is to connect the innovation community, expand the definition of innovation, and build a more inclusive innovation economy. The Venture Caf Foundation enhances and accelerates the innovation process through spaces, programs, and conversations for individuals and organizations to gather and build relationships. Please visit ourwebsitefor more information about our other programs. The Venture Caf Foundation is incorporated as a Massachusetts Not-for-Profit Corporation and is a 501 (c) 3 company."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Art Commission yesterday announced the dedication of three pieces of public artwork at the Bruce C.BollingMunicipal Building.This dedication is part of Mayor Walsh's long-term vision to make the City's arts and culture creative portfolio stronger, more accessible, more sustainable and more diverse.""Incorporating artwork into the fabric of our city is a great way to enhance our collective quality of life,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Making artwork accessible and available for all to enjoy is another step in adding meaningful value to our communities and growing Boston's reputation as a cultural hub.""The dedication is the end result of a process that began with a nationwide search for artists conducted by the Boston Arts Commission, which resulted in two Boston artists and a Boston high school student being selected to create artwork for the building. The artwork was created specifically for Boston and the process involved collaboration and communication with the communities for which they were designed.Roxbury RhapsodyCreated by Napoleon Jones-Henderson, this piece is a wall design that is dedicated to Roxbury's ethnically diverse, musically-rich history. ""It is indeed an honor to create an enamel mural that celebrates this quilted history of Roxbury,"" said Jones-Henderson. Jones-Henderson, a nationally renowned artist, has been involved in the Boston art scene and Roxbury for over three decades and used his understanding of the community as inspiration.Crisscross Signal SpireCreated by Meejin Yoon, this piece is an outdoor sculpture that aims to mix Boston's rich history with its future. The sculpture consists of a braided array of tubes representing Boston's neighborhoods and invoking the city's history by appearing similar to the crisscrossing of Boston's subway system. Pointing towards the future, Yoon was influenced by Citizens Connect and each 311 call that is logged appears as a flash of light in one of the tubes. Direct user interface is also possible by connecting using #SignalSpireon Twitter.IntricacyCreated by Clarita Stephens, a Boston public school student, this piece is an acoustic panel. Stephens, who is currently a senior at the Burke High School in Dorchester, has a passion for art and was encouraged to create an artwork by her teacher, Alisa Rodny.""I feel a little shocked but grateful and honored that my work was chosen,"" said Stephens. ""When I was working on my piece I felt good because I was to be able to express how I felt about the city that I love and grew up in in the form of Art, which I also love.""For more information on the event, you can visit the Boston Art Commission atpublicartboston.comor contact them at617-635-3245orart@bostonartcommission.com. You can also connect with the Boston Art Commission on Facebook (BostonArtCommission) or on Twitter (@PublicArtBoston)."
"BostonAIRhighlights the City's dedication to finding new ways to incorporate innovative ideas and creative thinking into our work, said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to have these artists-in-residence on board to help us enhance and integrate our cultural capital into our core city services, for the benefit of all of Boston's residents.""The City received over 100 submissions from Boston-area artists in response to a Request for Qualifications. A jury of seven arts professionals, as well as MassArt and City representatives, made their selection in order to create a cohort of artists with a mix of artistic disciplines and experiences, as well as evidence of work in socially engaged practices who demonstrated potential, and who have a connection to the City of Boston.The artists will expand their own civic and social practice, alongside a group of liaisons from city agencies, including: Public Works, Property and Construction Management, Parks and Recreation, Veterans' Services, Commission for Persons with Disabilities, Education, Policy, Neighborhood Development, Women's Advancement, Elderly Commission, and the Boston Police Department.""BostonAIRis one of the first new programs we are launching as part of Boston Creates,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""It exemplifies how partnerships and cross-sector collaborations can be incubated within the government.""Both the artists and City liaisons will attend master workshops and lectures, where they will build partnerships, exchange ideas, and ultimately co-design project proposals. Artists will receive $1,000 stipends for capacity development and support as they work with a City Hall liaison to co-design proposals to work with a city department. Three proposals will be chosen for further development, and artists will be awarded $20,000 stipends for six-month residencies within a city department to develop creative approaches that can be incorporated into the work of the city.  ""MassArt is excited to partner with the City of Boston on the BostonAIRinitiative,"" said Ken Stickland, Interim President of MassArt. ""We are proud of our unique heritage as the only freestanding public college of art and design in the country. Our collaboration with BostonAIRoffers us the opportunity to demonstrate the power of art and design in many spheres of public life.""The artist cohort represents a wide variety of disciplines, including dance, film, street art, and social engagement. Below are the selected artists:The BostonAIRproject is funded in part by an Our Town grant from the National Endowment for the Arts. The Our Town grant program supports creative placemaking projects that help transform communities into lively, beautiful, and resilient places with the arts at their core. Since the program's inception in 2011 and including these projects, NEA has awarded 325 Our Town grants totaling nearly $26 million.""The City of Boston demonstrates the best in creative community development and whose work will have a valuable impact on its community,"" said NEA Chairwoman Jane Chu. ""Through Our Town funding, arts organizations continue to spark vitality that support neighborhoods and public spaces, enhancing a sense of place for residents and visitors alike.""""The Our Town project is another step in the City of Boston's leadership in arts policy,"" said NEA Director of Design Programs Jason Schupbach. ""It's a fantastic example of putting artists at the center of government innovation, and the NEA is excited to see where it leads.""About Boston CreatesBoston Creates is the City's cultural planning process. When completed, the plan will identify priorities and strategies for how to strengthen the city by leveraging and growing the creative capital of its residents, communities, and organizations.For more information, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts, or follow@ArtsinBostonand@PublicArtBoston,#BostonCreates on Twitter."
"The Boston Transportation Department/Boston Bikes today formally opened its new expansion stations in the New Balance Hubway bike share system. A total of 15 new stations are being installed in Boston, including the first Hubway locations in Brighton and an expansion into new parts of Dorchester, Roxbury and Charlestown. ""Hubway is a healthy, affordable option for Boston residents to get to school or work, and I am thrilled that we are able to expand it to even more neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to work with our community partners so that all of our residents have access to a diverse range of transportation options."" ""We are grateful to the many partners who have made Hubway such a success,"" said Boston Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. ""From our title sponsor New Balance that has supported Hubway since its launch, to the hundreds of local groups that encourage residents to try bike share, to institutions like Boston College and the Franklin Park Zoo that support new stations, to Motivate, the company that operates the system - so many partners have come together to help bike share in Boston exceed expectations."" At the newly-opened Brighton Center Station, the City of Boston joined partners, including President and CEO of New Balance RobDeMartini, Motivate VP for Operators John Reynolds, Boston CollegeVP for Governmental & Community Affairs Thomas Keady, and Zoning Chair of the Brighton Allston Improvement Association Anabela Gomes, to officially undock the first bike from the new Hubway station.""As our community grows, it's so important to have alternative means of transportation for our residents and visitors,"" said Gomes. ""Hubway is providing that kind of flexible alternative."" ""We are thrilled to expand Hubway to new parts of the City, helping bridge otherwise disconnected neighborhoods, and providing even more residents and visitors with access to active transportation,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. After the undocking, a convoy of Hubway users rode to Franklin Park, where they were welcomed by partners, including Zoo New England CEO John Linehan and Franklin Park Coalition Executive Director Anita Morson-Matra, for the first official docking at the new station. ""The Franklin Park Coalition is extremely excited about the opportunities for both improving access to bike share and for increasing utilization of green spaces in Roxbury,"" said Morson-Matra.  In just four years, Hubway has become an integral part of the transportation system in Boston, redefining how people travel, get to work, exercise, and connect with each other. It is estimated that the half hour bike ride from Brighton to Franklin Park would have taken longer by any other mode of transportation. The New Balance Hubway Bike share System launched in Boston in 2011 with 60 stations and 600 bicycles. With this expansion, the total number of stations in Boston will be 106 with approximately 1100 bicycles. During the inaugural season, a total of 142,300 trips were recorded. Since that time, the program has expanded to include the neighboring municipalities of Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, and the number of trips taken to date is approaching 4 million. New Balance President and CEO Rob DeMartini said, ""At New Balance we are committed to supporting healthy lifestyles for everyone and we are proud to show our continued support of New Balance Hubway as the system expands to reach riders in neighborhoods throughout the city. Our roots are here in Boston, and we value Hubway as a partner in upholding the values of New Balance and this great city."" The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike share membership program in the country offering Hubway memberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. For more information about subsidized memberships please visitwww.bostonbikes.orgor call617-635-4756. More information about the New Balance Hubway system may be found atwww.thehubway.com."
"BOSTON -Thursday, October 22, 2015-The Boston Transportation Department/Boston Bikes today formally opened its new expansion stations in the New Balance Hubway bike share system. A total of 15 new stations are being installed in Boston, including the first Hubway locations in Brighton and an expansion into new parts of Dorchester, Roxbury and Charlestown. ""Hubway is a healthy, affordable option for Boston residents to get to school or work, and I am thrilled that we are able to expand it to even more neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to work with our community partners so that all of our residents have access to a diverse range of transportation options."" ""We are grateful to the many partners who have made Hubway such a success,"" said Boston Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. ""From our title sponsor New Balance that has supported Hubway since its launch, to the hundreds of local groups that encourage residents to try bike share, to institutions like Boston College and the Franklin Park Zoo that support new stations, to Motivate, the company that operates the system - so many partners have come together to help bike share in Boston exceed expectations."" At the newly-opened Brighton Center Station, the City of Boston joined partners, including President and CEO of New Balance RobDeMartini, Motivate VP for Operators John Reynolds, Boston CollegeVP for Governmental & Community Affairs Thomas Keady, and Zoning Chair of the Brighton Allston Improvement Association Anabela Gomes, to officially undock the first bike from the new Hubway station.""As our community grows, it's so important to have alternative means of transportation for our residents and visitors,"" said Gomes. ""Hubway is providing that kind of flexible alternative."" ""We are thrilled to expand Hubway to new parts of the City, helping bridge otherwise disconnected neighborhoods, and providing even more residents and visitors with access to active transportation,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. After the undocking, a convoy of Hubway users rode to Franklin Park, where they were welcomed by partners, including Zoo New England CEO John Linehan and Franklin Park Coalition Executive Director Anita Morson-Matra, for the first official docking at the new station. ""The Franklin Park Coalition is extremely excited about the opportunities for both improving access to bike share and for increasing utilization of green spaces in Roxbury,"" said Morson-Matra.  In just four years, Hubway has become an integral part of the transportation system in Boston, redefining how people travel, get to work, exercise, and connect with each other. It is estimated that the half hour bike ride from Brighton to Franklin Park would have taken longer by any other mode of transportation. The New Balance Hubway Bike share System launched in Boston in 2011 with 60 stations and 600 bicycles. With this expansion, the total number of stations in Boston will be 106 with approximately 1100 bicycles. During the inaugural season, a total of 142,300 trips were recorded. Since that time, the program has expanded to include the neighboring municipalities of Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, and the number of trips taken to date is approaching 4 million. New Balance President and CEO Rob DeMartini said, ""At New Balance we are committed to supporting healthy lifestyles for everyone and we are proud to show our continued support of New Balance Hubway as the system expands to reach riders in neighborhoods throughout the city. Our roots are here in Boston, and we value Hubway as a partner in upholding the values of New Balance and this great city."" The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike share membership program in the country offering Hubway memberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. For more information about subsidized memberships please visitwww.bostonbikes.orgor call617-635-4756. More information about the New Balance Hubway system may be found atwww.thehubway.com."
"Maintaining a strong middle class is critical to ensuring that Boston continues to be a thriving, diverse city where people want to live and employers want to locate, said Mayor Walsh. ""Having Susan and Marcy in place to lead the i-team will help ensure that Boston remains a city that is affordable to people at all economic levels.No city in the United States has solved the middle income housing challenge yet I want Boston to be the first.""The initial work of the Lab will be funded by a grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies.In December 2014,Bloomberg Philanthropies announcedgrants to 12 US citiesto set up ""i-teams"" in their City to bring innovative thinking to challenging issues. For the next 18 months, Boston's i-team, a part of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), will lead theMayor's Housing Innovation Lab in collaboration with the City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND).The development of the Housing Innovation Lab will require the i-team to explore ideas that will potentially drive down the cost to build, buy, and own homes in the City of Boston. The team will be actively seeking input from internal and external housing experts as well as from Boston residents to gather and generate potential ideas to solve this issue. Ideas that are both high-impact and highly feasible will be deployed as prototypes on an experimental basis throughout the City. Successful prototypes that indicate improvements in housing affordability will be brought to scale and will help inform the City's continued focus on middle income housing creation. The Lab will continue to gather ideas throughout the entire 18-month innovation program.As outlined in the Walsh administration's ""Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030"" plan,demographic projections show Boston's workforce growing by 26,600 households between 2010 and 2030 - a nearly 13 percent increase over the next 20 years. However, in today's housing market, it can be extremely challenging to construct moderately-priced housing. To meet this growing demand, the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab will examine how to best and most efficiently create the 20,000 workforce housing units called for in the plan by 2030. Learn more about the Housing Innovation Lab.Susan Nguyen, Program Co-ManagerSusan is the Program Co-Manager for the i-team. She develops new methods of innovation to deliver quality products and services to residents and visitors. Susan previously worked as a Program Director for the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. Her background is in city planning, economics, design, and public engagement. Prior to joining the City of Boston, Susan holds a MA in Urban Planning from Harvard's Graduate School of Design and BA from Harvard College. Marcy Ostberg, Program Co-ManagerMarcy is thrilled to join Boston's i-team as a Program Co-Manager, bringing her background in civic innovation, urban policy and education. She previously worked as a Strategic Project Manager at the Right Question Institute advancing a question formulation strategy used for problem solving in innovation, critical thinking in education and self-advocacy in social services. Previously she worked as a High School Biology Teacher at the Boston Day & Evening Academy. Her experiences as an urban educator drove her to explore innovative solutions to systemic and complex problems that face low-income families. Marcy holds a MA in Urban and Environmental Policy and Planning from Tufts University, an MEd in Secondary Biology from Franklin Pierce University, and a BS in Kinesiology from Gordon College.Sabrina Dorsainvil, Civic DesignerSabrina Dorsainvil is a Boston-based designer and illustrator whose work ranges from playful drawings to the development of strategic, human centered design solutions used to address complex issues such as housing, healthcare and human rights. She is fascinated by people the way they move, speak, touch, interact and experience environments, objects and each other. She has worked with community based organizations, large corporate institutions, and international projects on issues regarding social, spatial and environmental justice. Her role as i-team civic designer will employ human centered design to assist in addressing the mayoral challenge of keeping Boston affordable to middle income families. Sabrina holds a BFA in Industrial Design for Massachusetts College of Art and Design and an MS in Design and Urban Ecologies from Parsons the New School."
The City of Bostons archaeological program within the Environment, Energy, and Open Space Cabinet will oversee an archaeological survey on Boston Common Monday, October 19th and Tuesday, October 20th, creating a unique opportunity for important archaeological findings. City Archaeologist Joe Bagley, who requested the archaeological survey, will be present throughout the duration of the work.This is an amazing opportunity for Boston history fans, said Bagley. We not only have the chance to find new information about Bostons native past and the lives of Bostons native people, but this is also where one of the best preserved Revolutionary War sites in Boston exists.Previous archaeological surveys in the area have identified a Revolutionary War-era British troop encampment dating between 1768 and 1776 found directly over a Native American site that is between 400 and 1000 years old.The survey will be conducted by Pawtucket, RI-based Public Archaeology Laboratory ahead of a proposed critical Eversource project. The utility project is close in proximity to a small portion of the previously identified archaeological sites, which accelerated the request for archaeological documentation and data collection within the area.Boston Common received landmark status by the Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) in 1977. As a landmark, the BLC and its staff, including the City Archaeologist, review most projects in the Boston Common. Bostons Parks and Recreation Department also reviews all work done in City parks.The Boston Landmarks Commission, Parks and Recreation Department, and Eversource have worked extremely well together to make this project proceed smoothly, said Austin Blackmon, the Citys Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. I look forward to seeing the results of the dig.Boston Common has remained relatively undeveloped since 1630 and contains rich archaeological resources first encountered during excavations for the large underground parking garage on the lower end near Charles Street. More extensive surveys conducted by private archaeology firms and the Citys archaeologist program in the 1980s identified several intact archaeological sites including two Native American habitation areas, the 1706 powder house located near the Soldiers and Sailors monument today, and a Revolutionary War encampment among other sites.October is Archaeology Month in Massachusetts and the BLC will celebrate with an event at the Tap Trailhouse, featuring food and drink from the time era. Also in celebration of Archaeology month, the BLC earlier this month held two historic walking tours.I had no idea when we were planning for the months celebrations that wed have an active dig taking place on the Common at the same time, said Bagley. It is an excellent coincidence, and Im excited that we will be having Native and Revolutionary history actively being revealed during Archaeology Month.Bagley will be on-site throughout the project where visitors are welcome. The project is located in an open area between the Parkman Bandstand and the Boylston MBTA station in the southeast corner of Boston Common.
"BOSTON -Monday, October 19, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh recently announced the creation of the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, co-led by Susan Nguyen and Marcy Ostberg, to bring design thinking and innovation into solving Boston's middle income housing challenge.""Maintaining a strong middle class is critical to ensuring that Boston continues to be a thriving, diverse city where people want to live and employers want to locate,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Having Susan and Marcy in place to lead the i-team will help ensure that Boston remains a city that is affordable to people at all economic levels.No city in the United States has solved the middle income housing challenge yet I want Boston to be the first.""The initial work of the Lab will be funded by a grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies.In December 2014,Bloomberg Philanthropies announcedgrants to 12 US citiesto set up ""i-teams"" in their City to bring innovative thinking to challenging issues.For the next 18 months, Boston's i-team, a part of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), will lead theMayor's Housing Innovation Lab in collaboration with the City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND).The development of the Housing Innovation Lab will require the i-team to explore ideas that will potentially drive down the cost to build, buy, and own homes in the City of Boston. The team will be actively seeking input from internal and external housing experts as well as from Boston residents to gather and generate potential ideas to solve this issue. Ideas that are both high-impact and highly feasible will be deployed as prototypes on an experimental basis throughout the City. Successful prototypes that indicate improvements in housing affordability will be brought to scale and will help inform the City's continued focus on middle income housing creation. The Lab will continue to gather ideas throughout the entire 18-month innovation program.As outlined in the Walsh administration's ""Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030"" plan,demographic projections show Boston's workforce growing by 26,600 households between 2010 and 2030 - a nearly 13 percent increase over the next 20 years. However, in today's housing market, it can be extremely challenging to construct moderately-priced housing. To meet this growing demand, the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab will examine how to best and most efficiently create the 20,000 workforce housing units called for in the plan by 2030.For more information, visit the Housing Innovation Lab website.Susan Nguyen, Program Co-Manager -Susan is the Program Co-Manager for the i-team. She develops new methods of innovation to deliver quality products and services to residents and visitors. Susan previously worked as a Program Director for the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. Her background is in city planning, economics, design, and public engagement. Prior to joining the City of Boston, Susan holds a MA in Urban Planning from Harvard's Graduate School of Design and BA from Harvard College.Marcy Ostberg, Program Co-Manager -Marcy is thrilled to join Boston's i-team as a Program Co-Manager, bringing her background in civic innovation, urban policy and education. She previously worked as a Strategic Project Manager at the Right Question Institute advancing a question formulation strategy used for problem solving in innovation, critical thinking in education and self-advocacy in social services. Previously she worked as a High School Biology Teacher at the Boston Day & Evening Academy. Her experiences as an urban educator drove her to explore innovative solutions to systemic and complex problems that face low-income families. Marcy holds a MA in Urban and Environmental Policy and Planning from Tufts University, an MEd in Secondary Biology from Franklin Pierce University, and a BS in Kinesiology from Gordon College.Sabrina Dorsainvil, Civic Designer -Sabrina Dorsainvil is a Boston-based designer and illustrator whose work ranges from playful drawings to the development of strategic, human centered design solutions used to address complex issues such as housing, healthcare and human rights. She is fascinated by people the way they move, speak, touch, interact and experience environments, objects and each other. She has worked with community based organizations, large corporate institutions, and international projects on issues regarding social, spatial and environmental justice. Her role as i-team civic designer will employ human centered design to assist in addressing the mayoral challenge of keeping Boston affordable to middle income families. Sabrina holds a BFA in Industrial Design for Massachusetts College of Art and Design and an MS in Design and Urban Ecologies from Parsons the New School."
BOSTON Monday, October 19, 2015 The City of Bostons archaeological program within the Environment, Energy, and Open Space Cabinet will oversee an archaeological survey on Boston Common Monday, October 19th and Tuesday, October 20th, creating a unique opportunity for important archaeological findings. City Archaeologist Joe Bagley, who requested the archaeological survey, will be present throughout the duration of the work.This is an amazing opportunity for Boston history fans, said Bagley. We not only have the chance to find new information about Bostons native past and the lives of Bostons native people, but this is also where one of the best preserved Revolutionary War sites in Boston exists.Previous archaeological surveys in the area have identified a Revolutionary War-era British troop encampment dating between 1768 and 1776 found directly over a Native American site that is between 400 and 1000 years old.The survey will be conducted by Pawtucket, RI-based Public Archaeology Laboratory ahead of a proposed critical Eversource project. The utility project is close in proximity to a small portion of the previously identified archaeological sites, which accelerated the request for archaeological documentation and data collection within the area.Boston Common received landmark status by the Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) in 1977. As a landmark, the BLC and its staff, including the City Archaeologist, review most projects in the Boston Common. Bostons Parks and Recreation Department also reviews all work done in City parks.The Boston Landmarks Commission, Parks and Recreation Department, and Eversource have worked extremely well together to make this project proceed smoothly, said Austin Blackmon, the Citys Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. I look forward to seeing the results of the dig.Boston Common has remained relatively undeveloped since 1630 and contains rich archaeological resources first encountered during excavations for the large underground parking garage on the lower end near Charles Street. More extensive surveys conducted by private archaeology firms and the Citys archaeologist program in the 1980s identified several intact archaeological sites including two Native American habitation areas, the 1706 powder house located near the Soldiers and Sailors monument today, and a Revolutionary War encampment among other site.October is Archaeology Month in Massachusetts and the BLC will celebrate with an event at the Tap Trailhouse, featuring food and drink from the time era. Also in celebration of Archaeology month, the BLC earlier this month held two historic walking tours.I had no idea when we were planning for the months celebrations that wed have an active dig taking place on the Common at the same time, said Bagley. It is an excellent coincidence, and Im excited that we will be having Native and Revolutionary history actively being revealed during Archaeology Month.Bagley will be on-site throughout the project where visitors are welcome. The project is located in an open area between the Parkman Bandstand and the Boylston MBTA station in the southeast corner of Boston Common.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mass Mentoring Partnership (MMP), a statewide organization fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to meet the needs of communities across Massachusetts, to announce the recruitment of more than 500 new mentors so far as part of the Mayors Mentoring Movement. The Mayors initiative was launched late last year with the goal to recruit 1,000 new mentors over the next two years to serve Boston youth. We are thrilled that so many caring adults have answered the call to be the difference in the lives of young people all across the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Through our continued efforts, we hope to reach even more people who are willing to invest themselves and ensure thatevery young person has access to these empowering relationships.Mass Mentoring Partnership is helping Mayor Walsh to connect volunteer mentors with mentoring opportunities by referring them to partner mentoring programs across the city, who then match the adults with young people waiting for mentors. To learn more about the Mayors Mentoring Movement, visit:bostonmentors.org. Follow the conversation on Twitter: #BostonMentors.We want to thank our mentoring program partners for all of their work to achieve this exciting milestone, said Marty Martinez, President & CEO of Mass Mentoring Partnership. These empowering youth-adult relationships can help young people reach their full potential and strengthen our community.Mentors encourage positive choices, promote high self-esteem, and academic achievement. They foster confidence in young people that allows them to be the best version of themselves, and more productive members of society. The impact of a caring adults dedication and care can lift youth off of a bad path and place them on a road to success.ABOUT MASS MENTORING PARTNERSHIPMass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) is fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to strengthen communities across Massachusetts. MMP servesmore than250 mentoring programs and youth development organizationsstatewide supporting 33,000 youth in caring relationships.www.massmentors.org
Two weeks ago, 15 members of Bostons healing arts community gathered to consider the various roles of health and healing in Bostons arts landscape. Boston's strength in this sector is unique, due to the close proximity of its world-class academic, cultural and medical institutions.The group was a diverse one, including artists and musicians who work in medical facilities, expressive arts and music therapists, music educators, physicians and architects. Several of the participants are members of BACH, Boston Arts Consortium for Health, which gathers regularly to share knowledge about how to promote the healing arts in our community.All of us have been living at the intersection of arts and healing throughout our careers. The lively discussion touched on these questions: -- Who do the healing arts serve in Boston? -- How do the arts heal? -- Who has access to the arts for healing?We came up with some compelling observations. Heres a sample:In the future, we envision that the paradigm be shifted, that the arts for healing be viewed as the common expectation, a world where it is universally accepted that the arts promote health and well-being - including children, the elderly, and those with disabilities  and are accessible to all.We look forward to being an active part of the conversation as Boston moves forward in its strategic plan for the arts.
Boston - Thursday, October 15, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mass Mentoring Partnership (MMP), a statewide organization fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to meet the needs of communities across Massachusetts, to announce the recruitment of more than 500 new mentors so far as part of the Mayors Mentoring Movement. The Mayors initiative was launched late last year with the goal to recruit 1,000 new mentors over the next two years to serve Boston youth. We are thrilled that so many caring adults have answered the call to be the difference in the lives of young people all across the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Through our continued efforts, we hope to reach even more people who are willing to invest themselves and ensure thatevery young person has access to these empowering relationships.Mass Mentoring Partnership is helping Mayor Walsh to connect volunteer mentors with mentoring opportunities by referring them to partner mentoring programs across the city, who then match the adults with young people waiting for mentors. To learn more about the Mayors Mentoring Movement, visit:bostonmentors.org. Follow the conversation on Twitter: #BostonMentors.We want to thank our mentoring program partners for all of their work to achieve this exciting milestone, said Marty Martinez, President & CEO of Mass Mentoring Partnership. These empowering youth-adult relationships can help young people reach their full potential and strengthen our community.Mentors encourage positive choices, promote high self-esteem, and academic achievement. They foster confidence in young people that allows them to be the best version of themselves, and more productive members of society. The impact of a caring adults dedication and care can lift youth off of a bad path and place them on a road to success.ABOUT MASS MENTORING PARTNERSHIPMass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) is fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to strengthen communities across Massachusetts. MMP servesmore than250 mentoring programs and youth development organizationsstatewide supporting 33,000 youth in caring relationships.www.massmentors.org
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston School Committee is accepting applications for two open school committee seats. The nominating panel is currently accepting applications for two four-year terms beginning onJanuary 4, 2016. The deadline to submit applications isMonday, November 9 at 5:00 p.m. ""Schools are the backbone of our communities, and we need strong and caring leaders on the Boston School Committee to make the best choices for our student's future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our School Committee members are tasked with the important role of offering valuable input to increase pathways to success for all students, and I look forward to bringing new voices to the table."" The Boston School Committee is the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. The School Committee is responsible for:The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor to serve four-year staggered terms. The Mayor appoints members from a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals and representatives of the business and higher education communities. The Committee also includes a non-voting student member of the Boston Student Advisory Council. The School Committee meets approximately twice per month during the school year to adopt, review and modify policies and practices that support teaching, learning and improved student achievement. With the exception of executive sessions, Committee meetings are open to the public, feature public comment periods and are broadcasted on Boston City TV. For more information on the Boston School Committee, please clickhere. "
"BOSTON -Wednesday, October 14, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston School Committee is accepting applications for two open school committee seats. The nominating panel is currently accepting applications for two four-year terms beginning onJanuary 4, 2016. The deadline to submit applications isMonday, November 9 at 5:00 p.m. ""Schools are the backbone of our communities, and we need strong and caring leaders on the Boston School Committee to make the best choices for our student's future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our School Committee members are tasked with the important role of offering valuable input to increase pathways to success for all students, and I look forward to bringing new voices to the table."" The Boston School Committee is the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. The School Committee is responsible for:The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor to serve four-year staggered terms. The Mayor appoints members from a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals and representatives of the business and higher education communities. The Committee also includes a non-voting student member of the Boston Student Advisory Council. The School Committee meets approximately twice per month during the school year to adopt, review and modify policies and practices that support teaching, learning and improved student achievement. With the exception of executive sessions, Committee meetings are open to the public, feature public comment periods and are broadcasted on Boston City TV. For more information on the Boston School Committee, please clickhere. "
The City of Boston Election Department today announced that the absentee ballots for theNovember 3rdElection are now available.Polling locations will be open on Election Day from7:00 AM to 8:00 PMon November 3, 2015. In order to be eligible to receive an absentee ballot, an absentee ballot application must be received byNovember 2, 2015, at noon.The application is for use by Boston residents who are citizens of the United States and who are registered voters that will be unable to vote attheirpolling location due to:ORNon-registered voters who are:Eligible constituents are allowed the option to receive an absentee ballot for all elections taking place in a given year or a specific election that they will not be able to attend, but may want to vote in. The application must be renewed annually.Absentee votes can be submitted to the Election Department by mail or hand delivery however, they must be received by8:00 PMonNovember 3, 2015. Absentee voting can also be done in person by coming to the Election Department, however, the deadline for in-person voting isnoononNovember 2, 2015. Please contact the department for further details on the various methods and requirements of absentee voting.For more information, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/elections/vote/absentee.aspor call(617)635-3767. For questions on absentee ballots, please call(617)635-2211.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today provided testimony at a hearing held by the Joint Committee on Education regarding Massachusetts' educations laws that affect public schools in Boston. ""There is no more vital issue - to me, to our city, or to our Commonwealth - than the education and future of our children,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I have seen first-hand the value that public charter schools provide to our students and our communities. Charter schools have proven that they belong in our portfolio of schools, along withdistrict, private, and parochial schools."" In buildinguponhis support of all schools in Boston, Mayor Walsh offered the proposals below during histestimony:1.Provide Greater Access to School Turnaround Tools2. Lift the Cap on Public Charter Schools3. Create Facilities and Transportation Parity4. Ensure a Sustainable Public Education System"
"BOSTON -Tuesday, October 13, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today provided testimony at a hearing held by the Joint Committee on Education regarding Massachusetts' educations laws that affect public schools in Boston. ""There is no more vital issue - to me, to our city, or to our Commonwealth - than the education and future of our children,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I have seen first-hand the value that public charter schools provide to our students and our communities. Charter schools have proven that they belong in our portfolio of schools, along withdistrict, private, and parochial schools."" In buildinguponhis support of all schools in Boston, Mayor Walsh offered the proposals below during histestimony:1.Provide Greater Access to School Turnaround Tools2. Lift the Cap on Public Charter Schools3. Create Facilities and Transportation Parity4. Ensure a Sustainable Public Education System"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mayor Ulisses Correia e Silva ofPraia, Cabo Verde to sign a Sister Cities agreement to foster economic, social and cultural development and business ties between the two cities, expand commercial activities, boost the number ofsmall and mid-sized enterprises, increase imports and exports and grow jobs.""In order to be competitive in an increasingly global economy, we muststrengthen our partnerships with cities around the world that share our goals,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Boston has a strong Cape Verdean community, and our partnership withPraiais a fitting testament to our city's diversity.""""Today we sign a Sister-City agreement to build on and strengthen the existing economic, cultural and educational relationships between the cities of Boston and Praia, while committing to explore new ties and creative ways of improving the quality of life for residents on both sides of the Atlantic,"" said Mayor Ulisses Correia e Silva.The Sister City agreement commits both cities to identifying activities that can generate new initiatives to further nurture economic, social, cultural and faith based relationships, as well as:Boston's Cape Verdean population is estimated at over 40,000 residents.The City of Boston and the City ofPraiahave historically maintained strong academic, cultural and social ties, covering a wide array of sectors including public safety, education, arts and culture, business trade, commerce and tourism, and health. The Sister City Agreement will reinforce and strengthen that partnership over the next several years.The signing took place in Mayor Walsh's Office at City Hall. This is the second Sister City agreement signed by the City of Boston since 2001.PraiaMayor Ulisses Correia e Silva is visiting Boston onOctober 9 - 10.Boston's Sister City programs operate as non-profit, independent organizations, and are heavily dependent on voluntary support and contributions. During the 1950s, residents and government officials recognized the importance of developing closer international relations, and the search for a Sister City began. The success of this program prompted the development of other goodwill sister relations. To the present date, eight Sister Cityfriendships have been formed: Kyoto, Japan (established in 1959) Strasbourg, France (established in 1960) Barcelona, Spain (established in 1980) Hangzhou, China (established in 1982) Padua, Italy (established in 1983) Mebourne, Australia (established in 1985) Taipei, Taiwan (established in 1996) Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana (established in 2001).The Sister Cities Program began as a national concept in 1956, when President Dwight D. Eisenhower called for massive exchanges between Americans and people of other countries to create international understanding and goodwill. A Sister City agreement is formalized when two communities from different nations join together to develop a friendly and meaningful relationship. The two cities exchange people, ideas, culture, education, and technology. Citizens from both communities learn about each other's culture and become directly involved in developing unique solutions to common problems. The Sister Cities Program promotes world peace in an individual level and encourages citizens to better understand community, by contrasting their way of life with another culture."
As artists, Id like to think we aspire to give most of our time to this wild idea called the importance of artistic expression. For many of us, devoting ourselves to what we create would be in alignment with John Lockes decree to ..life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Sadly, this is not the reality of many artists in Massachusetts, and especially not the status quo for those of us who are artists in the city of Boston. Many of us have just been making do with what we have and possibly a little help from this agency, a small endowment from a community partner and then an awkward guess as to how to maintain the sustainability of the project or installation. Thats just the way it is. you were probably told. And then came Julie Burros and an entire team of artists, movers and shakers making an inviting albeit no-nonsense statement like: Boston CreatesI decided I liked where they might be going with this and I feel strongly that so should you. It may be a simple statement to some, but I feel that the namesake of this initiative crosses all of its ts and puts smiley faced dots on all its i identifiers like intrinsic, information and inclusionary. Thats why I decided to give my time via volunteering I was hanging onto that crazy idea still of making people see that artists and the things we create are very important to the continued growth and development of the city of Boston.Id imagine that piqued by the curiosity of what it is exactly the city was doing by enforcing the idea that Boston Creates, folks stopped by our volunteer-staffed Boston Creates table to share their stories, suggestions, ideas and concerns. One woman asked about swing dancing being brought to the city, a community partner shared about not being consulted about how to best approach residents in his community, and a mother shared about having to scale back on her kids piano and ballet lessons, due to money. She was hoping to find resources on a centralized site to go for art assistance. A lot of the things shared with me resonated deeply. I connected each one of these folks with the Boston Creates survey and showed them screen shots on my phone of where on the survey they could input their concerns.In meeting over 100 new people as part of this experience, most with the same concerns that I have, I realize were all pages in the Boston Art Anthology whether youre a sculptor, dancer, actor, painter, poet, singer, writer, etc. Lets keep the conversations going! Talk to your employers, communities, agencies and your nail technician if youve found a reputable one, about the importance of supporting artists in the city of Boston. If you havent done so, I encourage you to take the survey, attend the community meetings and the Town Halls, and keep yourself informed via the updates and newsletter. Do it for no other reason than to make sure theyre unmistakably aware of what weve already known: Boston Creates and we do it well.
"BOSTON -Friday, October 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mayor Ulisses Correia e Silva ofPraia, Cabo Verde to sign a Sister Cities agreement to foster economic, social and cultural development and business ties between the two cities, expand commercial activities, boost the number of small and mid-sized enterprises, increase imports and exports and grow jobs.""In order to be competitive in an increasingly global economy, we muststrengthen our partnerships with cities around the world that share our goals,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Boston has a strong Cape Verdean community, and our partnership withPraiais a fitting testament to our city's diversity.""""Today we sign a Sister-City agreement to build on and strengthen the existing economic, cultural and educational relationships between the cities of Boston and Praia, while committing to explore new ties and creative ways of improving the quality of life for residents on both sides of the Atlantic,"" said Mayor Ulisses Correia e Silva.The Sister City agreement commits both cities to identifying activities that can generate new initiatives to further nurture economic, social, cultural and faith based relationships, as well as:Boston's Cape Verdean population is estimated at over 40,000 residents.The City of Boston and the City ofPraiahave historically maintained strong academic, cultural and social ties, covering a wide array of sectors including public safety, education, arts and culture, business trade, commerce and tourism, and health. The Sister City Agreement will reinforce and strengthen that partnership over the next several years.The signing took place in Mayor Walsh's Office at City Hall. This is the second Sister City agreement signed by the City of Boston since 2001.PraiaMayor Ulisses Correia e Silva is visiting Boston onOctober 9 - 10.Boston's Sister City programs operate as non-profit, independent organizations, and are heavily dependent on voluntary support and contributions. During the 1950s, residents and government officials recognized the importance of developing closer international relations, and the search for a Sister City began. The success of this program prompted the development of other goodwill sister relations. To the present date, eight Sister Cityfriendships have been formed: Kyoto, Japan (established in 1959) Strasbourg, France (established in 1960) Barcelona, Spain (established in 1980) Hangzhou, China (established in 1982) Padua, Italy (established in 1983) Mebourne, Australia (established in 1985) Taipei, Taiwan (established in 1996) Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana (established in 2001).The Sister Cities Program began as a national concept in 1956, when President Dwight D. Eisenhower called for massive exchanges between Americans and people of other countries to create international understanding and goodwill. A Sister City agreement is formalized when two communities from different nations join together to develop a friendly and meaningful relationship. The two cities exchange people, ideas, culture, education, and technology. Citizens from both communities learn about each other's culture and become directly involved in developing unique solutions to common problems. The Sister Cities Program promotes world peace in an individual level and encourages citizens to better understand community, by contrasting their way of life with another culture."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that in affiliation with the Boston Transportation Department, Go Boston 2030 - the Citys Transportation Planning Initiative - reached a major milestone, as the project moves from setting a vision for the City to identifying specific actions. As part of this announcement, the City released a draft transportation vision for Boston, developed by the Go Boston Advisory Committee through conversations with over 6,000 Bostonians. That vision will be the foundation for engaging residents on what transportation projects they most want to see pursued in Boston.The City of Boston launched Go Boston 2030 to better understand the publics aspirations for transportation throughout the city and to build a bold, innovative transportation future based on an unprecedented level of public engagement, said Mayor Walsh. Our transportation Action Plan will lay out an ambitious roadmap to address inequities in underserved neighborhoods, connect our workforce to job opportunities, and prepare our systems for climate change.To build the Action Plan, the City is launching a series of community outreach efforts. Suggestions can be submitted by visiting the Ideas on the Street pop-up which is currently touring over 30 locations citywide and by attending Idea Roundtables in November. You can find schedules andsubmit your ideas online at the Go Boston 2030 website. The collected project and policy suggestions will inform the priorities and implementation strategies to be included in the Action Plan. The plan will be completed by Summer 2016.As part of the Go Boston 2030 initiative, the City is already taking steps to improve transportation.We have identified early action projects to improve safety on our streets, fight congestion, and improve access for pedestrians and bicyclists, said Boston Transportation Commissioner, Gina Fiandaca.The Vision that will inform the action is a result of extensive public participation. Based on over 5,000 questions from the public about getting around Boston in the future and comments from the 600 people who participated in the Visioning Lab, ambitious goals and aspiration targets have been identified around nine themes.The following themes with their associated goals and targets rose to the top:AccessSafetyReliabilityYou can find the complete draft of Vision Framework report online.Go Boston 2030 is an initiative launched by the City of Boston to imagine a bold new transportation plan for Boston for the next five, 10, and 15 years. This initiative is a joint venture with the Boston Transportation Department. Listening to the public and providing a robust and innovative community engagement process has been critical at every phase of the process. The Go Boston 2030 Advisory Committee chaired by Representative Russell Holmes, who represents the Sixth Suffolk district and Richard Dimino, President and CEO of A Better City, a business group, are guiding the process. The goals listed in the draft Vision Report are based on the input gathered from the community engagement campaign that started last winter with a Question Truck that visited every neighborhood in Boston asking people to submit questions about Bostons transportation future. This was followed by a two-day transportation visioning lab held in May 2015, which collected further public feedback and ideas. The proposed aspirational targets created to correspond with the goals in the Vision Report are based on extensive, expert research and data on transportation possibilities led by the City of Bostons Transportation Department.Go Boston 2030 will be woven into the City's Imagine Boston 2030 plan, a citywide planning effort that will define a vision for the future of Boston leading up to its 400th birthday. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide our approach to preserving, enhancing, and growing the city's neighborhoods in a way that promotes shared prosperity, sound public investment, and a healthy environment and population.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has been named Chair of a new Conference Task Force on Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services by theU.S. Conference of Mayors President and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.The announcement came during the Fall Leadership Meeting held October 2-4 in Baltimore.The Task Force will focus on the devastating impact of substance abuse and addiction on cities and examine and share information on effective recovery services strategies and approaches. In making the announcement, Mayor Rawlings-Blake cited Mayor Walsh's knowledge of and commitment to the issues the Task Force will address.""I am honored to serve as the chair of this task force, whose mission of tackling head-on the devastating effects of drug and alcohol abuse and addiction is relevant to the struggles facing many of our cities, including the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the ongoing opioids crisis, too many individuals and families are all too familiar with the destruction that substance abuse causes in our homes, workplaces and on our streets. I look forward to teaming up with Mayors from across the country to make sure recovery services are readily available to those who need it, and develop strategies to overcome this public health crisis.""""Mayor Walsh brings a wealth of personal and professional experience to this critical policy discussion,"" said Rawlings-Blake. ""We look forward to his leadership on an issue that is vitally important to the success of our cities and the quality-of-life of our residents.""Understanding the unique needs that those in recovery face, Mayor Walsh joined Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation in May to release areporton the current status of substance abuse and addiction in the City of Boston. The report focuses on how to better align the city's addiction and recovery services with demonstrated best practices. The report also served as a road map for the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS), the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. As part of the Boston Public Health Commission, ORS works to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services,help families and those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources,and work with City Departments, community partners and the recovery community to support a comprehensive response to the issue of substance abuse.In September, Mayor Walsh hosted a series of events to celebrate National Recovery Month, which highlighted that every day, resilient Americans with substance use disorders summon extraordinary courage and strength, and commit to living healthy and productive lives through recovery. As part of recovery month, Mayor Walsh was a partner in the 10thannual National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day to encourage the public to dispose of expired, unused or unwanted prescription drugs that are prone to abuse and theft."
"OnFriday, October 9, Mayor Walsh will attend and offer remarks at the ONEin3 Council's 2015Impact Awards ceremonyrecognizing young adult leaders who are doing outstanding work to improve the City of Boston for all residents. This year's ceremony will recognize achievements in categories inspired by the city-wide planning initiative, Imagine Boston 2030, including: Housing and Mobility Environment Design and Open Space Health, Prosperity and Equity and Arts, Culture and Creativity. The event begins at6:00 p.m.and will be held at Two International Place in Boston.""Boston is known for having the best and the brightest talent, and I want to thank this year's honorees for all their efforts towards making Boston an even better place to live, work and play,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The work that ONEin3 does to engage our young population in the issues that impact them the most is a critically important part of our efforts to move the City forward for everyone.""Nominated by their peers, awardees have been determined by a committee comprised of a diverse group of Council members and community leaders, and will receive a certificate of recognition from the City of Boston, signed by Mayor Walsh, in appreciation of their contribution and dedication to positively shaping the future of Boston. Five of the awardees have been selected by the ONEin3 Council to give short, personalized presentations on the motivation behind their efforts. At the end of the evening, attendees will choose the ultimate 2015 Impact Award winner by voting for the most compelling presentation.  Presenters/Finalists:Additional Awardees:About ONEin3With more than one-third of Boston's population between the ages of 20-34, Boston is home to the highest proportion of young adults out of any major city in America. Recognizing the importance of this demographic, the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative serves to increase civic engagement, promote active citizenship and build relationships to support and empowerBoston's young adult population. Follow us onTwitteror learn more here:www.onein3boston.com"
"BOSTON -Thursday, October 8, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he has been named Chair of a new Conference Task Force on Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services by theU.S. Conference of Mayors President and Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.The announcement came during the Fall Leadership Meeting held October 2-4 in Baltimore.The Task Force will focus on the devastating impact of substance abuse and addiction on cities and examine and share information on effective recovery services strategies and approaches. In making the announcement, Mayor Rawlings-Blake cited Mayor Walsh's knowledge of and commitment to the issues the Task Force will address.""I am honored to serve as the chair of this task force, whose mission of tackling head-on the devastating effects of drug and alcohol abuse and addiction is relevant to the struggles facing many of our cities, including the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the ongoing opioids crisis, too many individuals and families are all too familiar with the destruction that substance abuse causes in our homes, workplaces and on our streets. I look forward to teaming up with Mayors from across the country to make sure recovery services are readily available to those who need it, and develop strategies to overcome this public health crisis.""""Mayor Walsh brings a wealth of personal and professional experience to this critical policy discussion,"" said Rawlings-Blake. ""We look forward to his leadership on an issue that is vitally important to the success of our cities and the quality-of-life of our residents.""Understanding the unique needs that those in recovery face, Mayor Walsh joined Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation in May to release areporton the current status of substance abuse and addiction in the City of Boston. The report focuses on how to better align the city's addiction and recovery services with demonstrated best practices. The report also served as a road map for the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS), the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. As part of the Boston Public Health Commission, ORS works to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services,help families and those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources,and work with City Departments, community partners and the recovery community to support a comprehensive response to the issue of substance abuse.In September, Mayor Walsh hosted a series of events to celebrate National Recovery Month, which highlighted that every day, resilient Americans with substance use disorders summon extraordinary courage and strength, and commit to living healthy and productive lives through recovery. As part of recovery month, Mayor Walsh was a partner in the 10thannual National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day to encourage the public to dispose of expired, unused or unwanted prescription drugs that are prone to abuse and theft."
"BOSTON -Thursday, October 8, 2015-OnFriday, October 9, Mayor Walsh will attend and offer remarks at the ONEin3 Council's 2015Impact Awards ceremonyrecognizing young adult leaders who are doing outstanding work to improve the City of Boston for all residents. This year's ceremony will recognize achievements in categories inspired by the city-wide planning initiative, Imagine Boston 2030, including: Housing and Mobility Environment Design and Open Space Health, Prosperity and Equity and Arts, Culture and Creativity. The event begins at6:00 p.m.and will be held at Two International Place in Boston.""Boston is known for having the best and the brightest talent, and I want to thank this year's honorees for all their efforts towards making Boston an even better place to live, work and play,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The work that ONEin3 does to engage our young population in the issues that impact them the most is a critically important part of our efforts to move the City forward for everyone.""Nominated by their peers, awardees have been determined by a committee comprised of a diverse group of Council members and community leaders, and will receive a certificate of recognition from the City of Boston, signed by Mayor Walsh, in appreciation of their contribution and dedication to positively shaping the future of Boston. Five of the awardees have been selected by the ONEin3 Council to give short, personalized presentations on the motivation behind their efforts. At the end of the evening, attendees will choose the ultimate 2015 Impact Award winner by voting for the most compelling presentation.  Presenters/Finalists:Additional Awardees:About ONEin3With more than one-third of Boston's population between the ages of 20-34, Boston is home to the highest proportion of young adults out of any major city in America. Recognizing the importance of this demographic, the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative serves to increase civic engagement, promote active citizenship and build relationships to support and empowerBoston's young adult population. Follow us onTwitteror learn more here:www.onein3boston.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the community engagement process for Imagine Boston 2030 has officially begun with the launch of the Textizen mobile platform. The platform will allow people to use technology that is already in their pocket to engage with the city anytime, from anywhere. The responses shared on the platform will be incorporated on the data dashboards used by the Mayor and his administration to track major strategic objectives.This text message survey tool will be one of the many innovative ways Imagine Boston 2030 will seek the public's input for the citywide plan. ""This citywide planning effort is the first of its kind in 50 years and we truly want residents from every corner of the city to be engaged in a way that they never have been before,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""But planning can't unlock a vision unless it mobilizes the community. Textizen is one tool we will use to help empower everyone to participate in a citywide dialogue about our needs and dreams as we work towards a shared vision for a thriving, healthy, and innovative Boston. The success of Boston's future depends on the contribution of our fellow Bostonians of all ages and backgrounds."" Sara Myerson, Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030, is leading a team of City of Boston staff and consultants from HR&A Advisors and Utile, Inc. to create a community engagement process that will truly inform a vision and strategic direction for Boston as it approaches its 400th birthday. To participate, the public can simply text the letter of their top choice in response to the below questionnaire to617-860-3745: My life in 2030 will be better with (pick your top choice):a)Housing I can affordb)Safer neighborhoodsc)Better transportation optionsd)Quality education for alle)A more environmentally-friendly cityf)Great parks and public spacesg)A more innovative and creative cityh)Expanded job opportunitiesi)More vibrant neighborhoods Mayor Walsh has challenged both the public and city employees to embrace creative public engagement strategies that go beyond traditional community meetings. As such, the Imagine Boston 2030 team is actively working to reach constituents in innovative ways like Textizen. For those who do not want to text, there are other convenient ways to make your voice heard:Imagine Boston 2030 will be carried out in phases:For more information, please visitimagine.boston.gov. "
"As outlined in the City of Boston's Action Plan to End Veterans and Chronic Homelessness, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston is seeking a vendor to create the City's first-ever Coordinated Access system (CA) - a single platform that providers, housing owners and the City will use to match homeless individuals with available housing paired with supportive services.""We must do more as a community to better connect Boston's homeless individuals with the resources available throughout the City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By using technology to create a more efficient and streamlined process, we are continuing to use innovation to tackle some of our City's most complicated challenges.""The vendor will develop a system that will track housing vacancies and facilitate housing placements through a centralized online database. The system will integrate client data from the existing Homeless Management Information System (HMIS) data warehouse with information about housing vacancies and related services.The City of Boston requires that all homeless programs report data into the HMIS. While most communities use a single HMIS system for all homeless assistance providers, Boston's system is more complex, with eight separate sources of information on three discrete platforms feeding into a unified data warehouse managed by the City of Boston.The new platform will integrate these multiple sources of information, along with additional data from affordable housing providers.Central to the project will be the creation of an automated ""matching engine"", which will apply a series of rules and criteria to ensure that the city's most vulnerable populations will receive priority connection to available housing units.The system will also track available housing units, programs, and housing vouchers through an easy-to-use front-end system. This will include a registry of all housing units, including their eligibility requirements and accompanying services, and an interface for service providers to enter vacancies and program availability.Once the appropriate rules and criteria are applied to data on homeless individuals and all available housing or programs, the resulting matches will be displayed. After viewing the match, City housing navigators will indicate whether it was accepted or rejected by both the homeless individual and the housing provider, and the reasons for acceptance or rejection. This process will be repeated until a match is found.The RFP is available on the City's Supplier Portal through cityofboston.gov/procurement. The deadline for proposals is noon, on Friday, October 16th.The City expects to launch the system in spring 2016.The diagrams that follows outlines the housing match process and the housing match decision points."
The Mayor has challenged those who live, work and play in our City to embrace creative public engagement strategies that go beyond traditional community meetings as part of this process. This text message survey tool is just one of the many innovative ways that we are reaching constituents.The platform will allow people to use technology that is already in their pocket to engage with the city anytime, from anywhere. To participate, simply text the letter of your top choice in response to the question below to 617-860-3745:My life in 2030 will be better with (pick your top choice)There are also other convenient ways to make your voice heard:There is no idea too big or too small. Think about Bostons future in 2030 and what you need it to be to support you, your children, your friends and family. This is your opportunity to build the city of your dreams. Share your vision. Shape our city.
"BOSTON - Wednesday, October 7, 2015 - As outlined in the City of Boston's Action Plan to End Veterans and Chronic Homelessness, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston is seeking a vendor to create the City's first-ever Coordinated Access system (CA) - a single platform that providers, housing owners and the City will use to match homeless individuals with available housing paired with supportive services.""We must do more as a community to better connect Boston's homeless individuals with the resources available throughout the City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By using technology to create a more efficient and streamlined process, we are continuing to use innovation to tackle some of our City's most complicated challenges.""The vendor will develop a system that will track housing vacancies and facilitate housing placements through a centralized online database. The system will integrate client data from the existing Homeless Management Information System (HMIS) data warehouse with information about housing vacancies and related services.The City of Boston requires that all homeless programs report data into the HMIS. While most communities use a single HMIS system for all homeless assistance providers, Boston's system is more complex, with eight separate sources of information on three discrete platforms feeding into a unified data warehouse managed by the City of Boston.The new platform will integrate these multiple sources of information, along with additional data from affordable housing providers.Central to the project will be the creation of an automated ""matching engine"", which will apply a series of rules and criteria to ensure that the city's most vulnerable populations will receive priority connection to available housing units.The system will also track available housing units, programs, and housing vouchers through an easy-to-use front-end system. This will include a registry of all housing units, including their eligibility requirements and accompanying services, and an interface for service providers to enter vacancies and program availability.Once the appropriate rules and criteria are applied to data on homeless individuals and all available housing or programs, the resulting matches will be displayed. After viewing the match, City housing navigators will indicate whether it was accepted or rejected by both the homeless individual and the housing provider, and the reasons for acceptance or rejection. This process will be repeated until a match is found.The RFP is available on the City's Supplier Portal through cityofboston.gov/procurement. The deadline for proposals is noon, on Friday, October 16th.The City expects to launch the system in spring 2016."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh along with the Boston Transportation Department/Boston Bikes today announced that work is underway to expand the Hubway Bike Share System to 15 additional station locations throughout the City.The expansion will include the first Hubway locations in Brighton, and significant expansion into new parts of Dorchester, Roxbury and Charlestown.""Hubway is a healthy, affordable option for Boston residents to get to school or work, and I am thrilled we are able to expand it to even more neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to work with our community partners so that all of our residents have access to a diverse range of transportation options.""""We are thrilled to be able to expand Hubway to provide even more residents, commuters and visitors with the opportunity to take advantage of bikeshare,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca.""Whether your mission is to visit family or local businesses, get to work, or just enjoy a ride, Hubway is a convenient and economical option for traveling around the City.I encourage anyone who isn't already using the service to give it a try.""The New Balance Hubway Bikeshare System launched in Boston in 2011 with 60 stations and 600 bicycles. With this expansion, the total number of stations in Boston will be 108 with approximately 1,100 bicycles. During the inaugural season, a total of 142,300 trips were recorded.Since that time, the program has expanded to include the neighboring municipalities of Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, and the number of trips taken to date is approaching four million.New station installations are beginning this week at the following locations:The following station locations are pending final permitting approvals:The City of Boston partnered with MassDOT, the MBTA, MassPort, Bunker Hill Community College, St. Elizabeth's Hospital and Zoo New England to offer these convenient station locations with direct access to public transportation, parks and bike routes. This year's expansion was funded in part by generous sponsorships from Gerding Edlen, Skanska and the Wentworth Institute of Technology.Revenues from memberships and advertising fund the system's operation.The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike-share membership program in the country offering Hubway memberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. For more information about subsidized memberships please visitwww.bostonbikes.orgor call 617-635-4756.More information about the New Balance Hubway system may be found atwww.thehubway.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $3 million in capital upgrades to 22 elderly and disabled public housing developments throughout the City of Boston. The Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is providing the upgrades to common areas of the developments to create a warmer and more welcoming environment, and an improved quality of life for residents. ""All of our residents deserve to live in a clean, welcoming environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to announce these improvements which will improve the quality of life for so many of our elderly and disabled residents."" The upgrades to the developments will include newly painted common areas and hallways, new common area flooring, new ceilings and updated furniture for community rooms and spaces. Residents will have the opportunity to provide input in choosing the color scheme for their development. ""Our elderly and disabled residents, sometimes by necessity, spend a considerable portion in the community spaces of their buildings,"" saidBHAAdministrator Bill McGonagle. ""We're pleased to be able to provide an updated and more enjoyable environment for our elderly and disabled residents.""  Work has begun at the Peabody/Englewood and Foley sites and a schedule will be developed for the remaining sites in the coming months.The developments that will receive the upgrades are:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Katie Hammer as the City of Boston's Budget Director, serving in the Office of Budget Management. Hammer brings over seven years of experience in government finance, administration and communications to her new role. ""Katie brings a tremendous amount of experience and a strong record of fiscal management to her new role as budget director,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to bring her knowledge and integrity to our office, and I look forward to working with her as we build upon the city's record of balanced budgets and invest in the resources most important to our residents."" As Budget Director, Hammer will provide strategic leadership in shaping the annual city budget and the five year capital plan, supervise the Office of Budget Management, coordinate executive policy decisions and annual funding plans and represent the administration on budgetary matters. Prior to accepting the role of Budget Director, Hammer served as the Director of Workforce Management and Finance for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority (MCCA), where she directed the human resources department, developed the salary and benefits budget and implemented a talent development program. ""I am excited to work with Mayor Walsh and the budget team to build thoughtful operating and capital budgets that continue the City's record of fiscal responsibility, promote efficient operations and invest in a thriving, healthy and innovative city,"" said Hammer. Before joining MCCA, Hammer was the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Chief of Staff for the Commonwealth's Executive Office of Administration and Finance (A&F), which is responsible for managing the state's finances. In that role, she exercised oversight and coordination of core state government operations, including state facilities, information technology, human resources and procurement divisions within the Secretariat. Hammer previously served as the Assistant Budget Director for Capital Planning at A&F, where she led the development of the Commonwealth's Fiscal Year 2013-2017 Capital Investment Plan and the introduction of multi-year bonds to support significant investments in transportation, housing, information technology, and other infrastructure and assets in the Commonwealth. Hammer holds a master's degree in public affairs from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, and a bachelor's degree in political science and economics from Washington University in St. Louis. During graduate school, Hammer worked as a fellow in the City of Boston's New Urban Mechanics summer fellowship program, where she assisted the Boston Redevelopment Authority in launching an urban agriculture zoning process and helped identify land suitable for urban farming. She currently lives in West Roxbury with her husband, Michael."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, October 6, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh along with the Boston Transportation Department/Boston Bikes today announced that work is underway to expand the Hubway Bike Share System to 15 additional station locations throughout the City.The expansion will include the first Hubway locations in Brighton, and significant expansion into new parts of Dorchester, Roxbury and Charlestown.""Hubway is a healthy, affordable option for Boston residents to get to school or work, and I am thrilled we are able to expand it to even more neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to work with our community partners so that all of our residents have access to a diverse range of transportation options.""""We are thrilled to be able to expand Hubway to provide even more residents, commuters and visitors with the opportunity to take advantage of bikeshare,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca.""Whether your mission is to visit family or local businesses, get to work, or just enjoy a ride, Hubway is a convenient and economical option for traveling around the City.I encourage anyone who isn't already using the service to give it a try.""The New Balance Hubway Bikeshare System launched in Boston in 2011 with 60 stations and 600 bicycles. With this expansion, the total number of stations in Boston will be 108 with approximately 1,100 bicycles. During the inaugural season, a total of 142,300 trips were recorded.Since that time, the program has expanded to include the neighboring municipalities of Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, and the number of trips taken to date is approaching four million.New station installations are beginning this week at the following locations:The following station locations are pending final permitting approvals:The City of Boston partnered with MassDOT, the MBTA, MassPort, Bunker Hill Community College, St. Elizabeth's Hospital and Zoo New England to offer these convenient station locations with direct access to public transportation, parks and bike routes. This year's expansion was funded in part by generous sponsorships from Gerding Edlen, Skanska and the Wentworth Institute of Technology.Revenues from memberships and advertising fund the system's operation.The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike-share membership program in the country offering Hubway memberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. You can find more information subsidized memberships on the Boston Bike's website, or call 617-635-4756.More information about the New Balance Hubway system may be found on the Hubway website."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, October 6, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Katie Hammer as the City of Boston's Budget Director, serving in the Office of Budget Management. Hammer brings over seven years of experience in government finance, administration and communications to her new role. ""Katie brings a tremendous amount of experience and a strong record of fiscal management to her new role as budget director,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to bring her knowledge and integrity to our office, and I look forward to working with her as we build upon the city's record of balanced budgets and invest in the resources most important to our residents."" As Budget Director, Hammer will provide strategic leadership in shaping the annual city budget and the five year capital plan, supervise the Office of Budget Management, coordinate executive policy decisions and annual funding plans and represent the administration on budgetary matters. Prior to accepting the role of Budget Director, Hammer served as the Director of Workforce Management and Finance for the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority (MCCA), where she directed the human resources department, developed the salary and benefits budget and implemented a talent development program. ""I am excited to work with Mayor Walsh and the budget team to build thoughtful operating and capital budgets that continue the City's record of fiscal responsibility, promote efficient operations and invest in a thriving, healthy and innovative city,"" said Hammer. Before joining MCCA, Hammer was the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Chief of Staff for the Commonwealth's Executive Office of Administration and Finance (A&F), which is responsible for managing the state's finances. In that role, she exercised oversight and coordination of core state government operations, including state facilities, information technology, human resources and procurement divisions within the Secretariat. Hammer previously served as the Assistant Budget Director for Capital Planning at A&F, where she led the development of the Commonwealth's Fiscal Year 2013-2017 Capital Investment Plan and the introduction of multi-year bonds to support significant investments in transportation, housing, information technology, and other infrastructure and assets in the Commonwealth. Hammer holds a master's degree in public affairs from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, and a bachelor's degree in political science and economics from Washington University in St. Louis. During graduate school, Hammer worked as a fellow in the City of Boston's New Urban Mechanics summer fellowship program, where she assisted the Boston Redevelopment Authority in launching an urban agriculture zoning process and helped identify land suitable for urban farming. She currently lives in West Roxbury with her husband, Michael."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, October 6, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $3 million in capital upgrades to 22 elderly and disabled public housing developments throughout the City of Boston. The Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is providing the upgrades to common areas of the developments to create a warmer and more welcoming environment, and an improved quality of life for residents. ""All of our residents deserve to live in a clean, welcoming environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to announce these improvements which will improve the quality of life for so many of our elderly and disabled residents."" The upgrades to the developments will include newly painted common areas and hallways, new common area flooring, new ceilings and updated furniture for community rooms and spaces. Residents will have the opportunity to provide input in choosing the color scheme for their development. ""Our elderly and disabled residents, sometimes by necessity, spend a considerable portion in the community spaces of their buildings,"" saidBHAAdministrator Bill McGonagle. ""We're pleased to be able to provide an updated and more enjoyable environment for our elderly and disabled residents.""  Work has begun at the Peabody/Englewood and Foley sites and a schedule will be developed for the remaining sites in the coming months.The developments that will receive the upgrades are:"
"The Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture together with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement launched 'Lift/Women Power-Lifters,' an exhibition byphotographer Liane Brandon at the Strand Theatre in Upham's Corner.The exhibition will be on display throughout October 2015.""Women are to be celebrated for all they contribute to our families, workplaces, and communities as a whole,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When we empower women to reach and go beyond their full potential, our society thrives in the best way possible. This artwork displays the strength that women are capable of, and I am proud to showcase it at the Strand Theatre this year.""LIFTis a series of photographs celebrating four women power-lifters - women who defy physical and cultural stereotypes.They range in age from 27 to 60 and they are smart, interesting and strong.They have all won regional, national or world competitionsLodrina is a forensic computer expert who weighs 123 pounds and canlift(an astonishing) 385 pounds. She just placed first in national competition. Jessica has a bachelor's degree in kinesthesiology. Candace is a mom, the lead singer in a band, and a national titleholder. Jane, the oldest, is a grandmother who went to Wellesley College. She holds four world records.Brandon has created astounding images that convey the physical nature of the sport while evoking the spirit of these women.  ""I have always been concerned with the disconnect between public perception, media portrayal and reality - especially in the characterization of women,"" Brandon said. ""While my still photography has covered a wide range of subjects, the lingering issue of media stereotypes and women has never been far from my mind.""The challenge for me as a documentary photographer is to create images that both convey the physical nature of the sport and evoke the spirit of these women. While they are quite literally strong, I also see their physical strength as a metaphor for all the qualities I respect in women who have made a total commitment to any endeavor: courage, conviction, dedication, and perseverance.""  Liane Brandon (http://www.lianebrandon.com) is an award-winning independent filmmaker, photographer and University of Massachusetts/Amherst Professor Emerita. Brandon has photographed wildlife, jazz musicians, artists, writers, Cape Verdean longshoremen, and production stills for the PBS television seriesAmerican Experience, Nova,andAmerican Masters. Her photos have been published in the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, the Boston Globe and many other publications.Her groundbreaking filmsAnything You Want To BeandBetty Tells Her Storywere among the first and most popular consciousness raising tools of the Women's Movement. Her films have been featured on HBO, USA Cable, and TLC and presented at MoMA, the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, the Whitney Museum of American Art and the Tribeca Film Festival."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of community meetings and grant applications for 'LoveYourBlock,' a neighborhood improvement program that aims to involve residents in local revitalization efforts throughout Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan neighborhoods.""Programs like 'LoveYourBlock' provide a tremendous opportunity to involve community members in the future of their neighborhoods in a hands-on manner,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""The future of what our neighborhoods look like should not be decided behind closed doors, but should be decided on the streets with the residents who call these neighborhoods home. This program takes an innovative approach towards making that goal a reality.""In February, Boston was selected as one of seven cities to participate in the program, an honor which was accompanied by a $30,000 ""LoveYourBlock"" Award and dedicatedAmeriCorps VISTAs to support neighborhood revitalization projects.  ThroughLoveYourBlock, the City of Boston will provide mini-grants to local neighborhood groups,blockassociations, and community-based organizations to carry out revitalization projects in target areas.""The City of Boston's plan to concentrate its time and funding in neighborhoods most in need, and to include residents in decision making, is exactly what Cities of Service is about - engaging citizens in elevating and addressing priorities to achieve concrete results together with local government. We are excited to have Mayor Walsh's office as a partner inLoveYourBlockand future impact volunteering initiatives, and look forward to working with them,"" said Myung J. Lee, executive director of Cities of Service.Starting this month,LoveYourBlockwill be hosting community meetings in Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan.LoveYourBlockwill be joined in Roxbury by Union Capital Boston, a nonprofit,mobile-based loyalty program for low-income families that provides social and financial service rewards in exchange for community involvement. The meetings will involve a brief overview ofLoveYourBlockand an in-depth look at the grant application process.Anyone in the general area of Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan can apply for mini-grants so long as they can provide the volunteers to complete the project and ensure its upkeep. In order to provide multiple mini-grants, it is requested that no grant request is so large as to exclude other projects.Grant applications can be found atboston.gov/loveyourblock, and submitted in the Office of Neighborhood Services in room 805 at Boston City Hall.ABOUTLOVEYOURBLOCKLoveYourBlockis a new city initiative sponsored by Cities of Service to empower and engage residents around neighborhood revitalization. Residents and civic groups are encouraged to design their own neighborhood improvement projects and apply for city mini-grant funding. Selected grantees will be provided with mini-grants and any city services necessary to their project. Resident volunteers will complete the projects and care for them long term. Visit Facebook.com/lybboston to learn more and follow @LYB_Boston on Twitter.ABOUT CITIES OF SERVICECities of Service is a national nonprofit that supports mayors and city executives to design and implement high-impact volunteering initiatives that can apply to multiple issues from supporting youth and education to sustainability. It provides technical assistance, programmatic support, planning resources, and funding opportunities. Founded by Michael R. Bloomberg in 2009, Cities of Service is a nonpartisan coalition which currently supports a coalition of 205 cities in the U.S. and UK whose mayors are committed to engaging citizen volunteers to solve local pressing challenges. Cities of Service helps coalition cities share solutions, best practices, and lessons learned, as well as spreads awareness about meaningful work happening in cities. Visitcitiesofservice.orgto get involved, and follow @citiesofservice on Twitter."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced thatSouth BostonArtist Vanessa Irzyk exhibition INTRICACIES will be available from 10/15  11/13/2015 at the Mayors Neighborhood Gallery in Boston City Hall.As this city continues to undergo this renaissance of real estate, economic and cultural development, we have put on display the work of one of our own artist that truly captures the spirit of Boston, Vanessa Irzyk, said Mayor Walsh in a quote. The exhibit is a component of the many creative forces that make up the artistic community in Boston. Much like how Ms. Irzyk exhibitINTRICACIESis a composition of independent marks and motifs that make up a larger picture, there is a symbolic correlation of how this city in the arts and as a metropolis comes together from many diverse environments, only to make up the masterpiece that is the City of Boston.INTRICACIESis a series of work that is a culmination of loosely obsessive mark making. The objective is to pull the viewer in to see each brushstroke in affiliation with its intricate cut. Both the painting and cutting process feels random and careless, although meticulous and monotonous.Negotiating colors, sharp angles, and miniscule cuts are what motivate me, said Artist Vanessa Irzyk. The repetitive motion and tedious process is comforting and allows me to push myself ever so slightly into inventing new shapes and angles. I begin by creating (mostly) symmetrical designs with acrylic paint applied to colored paper with a flat brush. Nothing is preplanned or sketched out. Each stroke informs the next. The balance of color and vibrancy is important for the equilibrium of the soon to be object. Once laid out, I begin cutting attentively around each marking, leaving an outline of the colored paper surrounding the stroke for consistency. When released from the background paper it becomes an object of its own.The exhibition will be on display 10/15  11/13/2015The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are handicapped accessible. Boston City Hall is accessible by the MBTA via Haymarket (Orange line). For more information, call 617-635-3245 or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts.
What is the cultural identity we have, and what is the cultural identity we want to have? Those are the two questions I brought to the Boston Creates Leadership Council. Since my work as executive director of the New England Foundation for the Arts engages with creative communities all across New England, Im hoping to share ideas, strategies and results from Bostons process with NEFAs constituents in the region.Jane Jacobs, urbanist and activist, said a city is a place where you can feel safe among strangers. What connects us to one another, what allows us to feel witnessed for who we are, to be part of a reciprocal relationship of participation and delight?Im excited about the conversations that Boston Creates is inspiring  concentriccircles of voices, and a democratic approach that values the conversation and an expansive approach to participation. At this weeks Leadership Council meeting we learned that over 2,500 people have completed the Boston Creates survey, and that 118 community conversations have happened in 16 Boston neighborhoods  so far!Leadership Council conversations have been encouraging of big and aspirational thinking.My hopes relate to the creation of urban cultural hubs -- sites to make, learn, perform and exhibit -- in neighborhoods all over the city, and a sense of connectivity between them. And, I hope for a commitment to resources dedicated to artists so that we dont lose the creative urgency of having artists embedded in our city.It is people who claim space, become visible, and change a city. Im thrilled that an authentic civic participation is characterizing the Boston Creates planning process, and that Boston is seizing this opportunity to reimagine itself as a city of creative opportunity, excellence, and participation.Cathy Edwards is Executive Director of New England Foundation for the Arts. Photo Credit: Michael Moore
"As part of the Our Cities, Our Climate program, the international exchange of climate leaders will leverage the important role cities play internationally in advancing innovative climate change action.Cities are on the front lines when it comes to climate change and its dangerous impacts they are the incubators of innovative solutions to this immediate problem, said Mayor Walsh. We are pleased to host these sustainability directors from around the world to explore and share best practices to fight climate change. Thanks are due to Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Secretary of State John Kerry for convening these discussions and making these important discussions happen.Boston is the second of three U.S.-cities participating in the international exchange and will host discussions today and tomorrow. Prior to visiting Boston, the sustainability directors spent three days in San Francisco for similar meetings and are traveling to Washington, D.C. later this week.We look forward to sharing our successes with other cities to continue to combat climate change together on a global scale, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space who will be attending events in Boston and Washington. Collaboration is crucial to our success, especially in the lead up to global climate talks.Led by Bloomberg Philanthropies and the U.S. State Department, the Our Cities, Our Climate international exchange brings together mayors, city sustainability directors, and climate change champions for robust, in-depth conversations focusing on issues such as solid waste strategy, transforming energy supplies, and building efficiency.Boston is a city with a unique place in history, driving social change, technological innovation and economic progress throughout the history of our nation, said Michael R. Bloomberg, UN Secretary-General's Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change. Boston is also a city threatened by climate change and is among the global leaders in developing innovative solutions to tackle the most pressing environment and public health challenge facing the planet. Im honored to work with Mayor Walsh on Our Cities, Our Climate  an initiative supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies  to convene climate action leaders from cities around the world to share their experiences and wisdom to accelerate action and progress in the fight against climate change.Amos Hostetter, founder and co-chair of Boston's Green Ribbon Commission, a group of business and civic leaders working in partnership with the City of Boston to address climate change and play host to the international exchange, said, ""We are excited to welcome our counterparts from around the world to share and learn best practices in this critical work.""Named a Climate Champion city by the White House for its environmental initiatives and sustainability practices, Boston is a leader on climate action and has been named the most energy efficient city in the nation twice in a row.As part of the international exchange, sustainability directors will tour the Charlestowns Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital to learn more about its innovative climate change-adaptive design.The Our Cities, Our Climate (OC2) partnership between Bloomberg Philanthropies and the U.S. Department of State is an international exchange program bringing together mayors from cities around the world committed to addressing climate change and preventing its harmful effects.This exchange will allow for the leading voices in the fight against climate change to share best practices, discuss solutions, and ultimately accelerate the progress the worlds cities are making to address this global challenge."
"BOSTON -Monday, October 5, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of community meetings and grant applications for 'LoveYourBlock,' a neighborhood improvement program that aims to involve residents in local revitalization efforts throughout Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan neighborhoods.""Programs like 'LoveYourBlock' provide a tremendous opportunity to involve community members in the future of their neighborhoods in a hands-on manner,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""The future of what our neighborhoods look like should not be decided behind closed doors, but should be decided on the streets with the residents who call these neighborhoods home. This program takes an innovative approach towards making that goal a reality.""In February, Boston was selected as one of seven cities to participate in the program, an honor which was accompanied by a $30,000 ""LoveYourBlock"" Award and dedicatedAmeriCorps VISTAs to support neighborhood revitalization projects.  ThroughLoveYourBlock, the City of Boston will provide mini-grants to local neighborhood groups,blockassociations, and community-based organizations to carry out revitalization projects in target areas.""The City of Boston's plan to concentrate its time and funding in neighborhoods most in need, and to include residents in decision making, is exactly what Cities of Service is about - engaging citizens in elevating and addressing priorities to achieve concrete results together with local government. We are excited to have Mayor Walsh's office as a partner inLoveYourBlockand future impact volunteering initiatives, and look forward to working with them,"" said Myung J. Lee, executive director of Cities of Service.Starting this month,LoveYourBlockwill be hosting community meetings in Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan.LoveYourBlockwill be joined in Roxbury by Union Capital Boston, a nonprofit,mobile-based loyalty program for low-income families that provides social and financial service rewards in exchange for community involvement. The meetings will involve a brief overview ofLoveYourBlockand an in-depth look at the grant application process.Anyone in the general area of Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan can apply for mini-grants so long as they can provide the volunteers to complete the project and ensure its upkeep. In order to provide multiple mini-grants, it is requested that no grant request is so large as to exclude other projects.Grant applications can be found atboston.gov/loveyourblock, and submitted in the Office of Neighborhood Services in room 805 at Boston City Hall.ABOUTLOVEYOURBLOCKLoveYourBlockis a new city initiative sponsored by Cities of Service to empower and engage residents around neighborhood revitalization. Residents and civic groups are encouraged to design their own neighborhood improvement projects and apply for city mini-grant funding. Selected grantees will be provided with mini-grants and any city services necessary to their project. Resident volunteers will complete the projects and care for them long term. Visit Facebook.com/lybboston to learn more and follow @LYB_Boston on Twitter.ABOUT CITIES OF SERVICECities of Service is a national nonprofit that supports mayors and city executives to design and implement high-impact volunteering initiatives that can apply to multiple issues from supporting youth and education to sustainability. It provides technical assistance, programmatic support, planning resources, and funding opportunities. Founded by Michael R. Bloomberg in 2009, Cities of Service is a nonpartisan coalition which currently supports a coalition of 205 cities in the U.S. and UK whose mayors are committed to engaging citizen volunteers to solve local pressing challenges. Cities of Service helps coalition cities share solutions, best practices, and lessons learned, as well as spreads awareness about meaningful work happening in cities. Visitcitiesofservice.orgto get involved, and follow @citiesofservice on Twitter."
"BOSTON -Monday, October 5, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Greater Boston Chinese Golden Age Center (GBCGAC) and Rogerson Communities to celebrate the grand opening and ribbon cutting of the Hong Lok House, a 74-unit affordable rental housing development for seniors in Chinatown. The more than $37 million renovation and expansion project improved services to the city's low-income senior population with 74 new and preserved apartments as well as a roof deck garden, common area living spaces and an adult day health program staffed by the GBCGAC. ""The City of Boston is thrilled to open Hong Lok, and we know how important it is to maintain and add to our affordable housing market in the city,"" said Mayor Marty Walsh. ""I thank Rogerson Communities, the Greater Boston Chinese Golden Age Center, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development, and all partners involved in this project. Working together, we are helping to keep Boston a diverse city that is open and affordable to everyone who wants to live here.""The GBCGAC serves approximately 1,200 low income seniors daily in Chinatown. The City of Boston and Boston Redevelopment Authority contributed more than $11 million to this development.The original Hong Lok House contained 28 substandard and outdated HUD Section 202 units, which are covered by a Housing Assistance Payment (HAP) contract. Construction was conducted in two phases to avoid temporary off-site relocation of the existing Chinatown residents. Existing residents moved into the 33-unit first phase, at which point the existing building was demolished except for the faade, and construction of the 42-unit second phase commenced.  All of the housing units are affordable to households earning at or below 50% of average median income (AMI). The building consists of 38 studio and 37 one-bedroom apartments, including one reserved for the manager's unit. Eight of the units are set-aside for homeless households earning at or below 30% AMI. All units are universally adaptable to elderly occupants and four units are fully handicap accessible.  This project received overwhelming support from the community, local businesses and nonprofit organizations. The development also preserved a portion of Boston's Chinatown community and brought the entire site back to productive use.Located in the important Liberty Tree Historic District in Chinatown, the old facades of the buildings were preserved, and construction was planned in stages in order to avoid displacing frail elderly residents. Chia-Ming Sze Architects, Inc. designed the new building and Walsh Brothers was general contractor.Building features include:The Hong Lok House meets the U.S. green building council's LEED Silver standard with many energy efficient features, including the ""green roof"" which will provide essential on-site outdoor space for residents. The roof will be fully accessible and reached easily via an elevator. Total development cost for this project was $37,168,937. This project was made possible in part by a $11,213,494 investment by the City of Boston and the Boston Redevelopment Authority, and $5,714,861 from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Another $20,240,582 was leveraged from private equity using Mass Development's issued 4% Low Income Housing Tax Credits, as well as HUD replacement reserves, private donations and other foundation sources."
"BOSTON  Monday, October 5, 2015  Boston will play host today to city sustainability directors from 19 cities around the world through an international partnership of leaders committed to addressing climate change and its dangerous impacts. As part of the Our Cities, Our Climate program, the international exchange of climate leaders will leverage the important role cities play internationally in advancing innovative climate change action.Cities are on the front lines when it comes to climate change and its dangerous impacts they are the incubators of innovative solutions to this immediate problem, said Mayor Walsh. We are pleased to host these sustainability directors from around the world to explore and share best practices to fight climate change. Thanks are due to Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Secretary of State John Kerry for convening these discussions and making these important discussions happen.Boston is the second of three U.S.-cities participating in the international exchange and will host discussions today and tomorrow. Prior to visiting Boston, the sustainability directors spent three days in San Francisco for similar meetings and are traveling to Washington, D.C. later this week.We look forward to sharing our successes with other cities to continue to combat climate change together on a global scale, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space who will be attending events in Boston and Washington. Collaboration is crucial to our success, especially in the lead up to global climate talks.Led by Bloomberg Philanthropies and the U.S. State Department, the Our Cities, Our Climate international exchange brings together mayors, city sustainability directors, and climate change champions for robust, in-depth conversations focusing on issues such as solid waste strategy, transforming energy supplies, and building efficiency.Boston is a city with a unique place in history, driving social change, technological innovation and economic progress throughout the history of our nation, said Michael R. Bloomberg, UN Secretary-General's Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change. Boston is also a city threatened by climate change and is among the global leaders in developing innovative solutions to tackle the most pressing environment and public health challenge facing the planet. Im honored to work with Mayor Walsh on Our Cities, Our Climate  an initiative supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies  to convene climate action leaders from cities around the world to share their experiences and wisdom to accelerate action and progress in the fight against climate change.Amos Hostetter, founder and co-chair of Boston's Green Ribbon Commission, a group of business and civic leaders working in partnership with the City of Boston to address climate change and play host to the international exchange, said, ""We are excited to welcome our counterparts from around the world to share and learn best practices in this critical work.""Named a Climate Champion city by the White House for its environmental initiatives and sustainability practices, Boston is a leader on climate action and has been named the most energy efficient city in the nation twice in a row.As part of the international exchange, sustainability directors will tour the Charlestowns Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital to learn more about its innovative climate change-adaptive design.For more information about OC2 and the schedule of events in Boston,click here.About Our Cities Our Climate:The Our Cities, Our Climate (OC2) partnership between Bloomberg Philanthropies and the U.S. Department of State is an international exchange program bringing together mayors from cities around the world committed to addressing climate change and preventing its harmful effects.This exchange will allow for the leading voices in the fight against climate change to share best practices, discuss solutions, and ultimately accelerate the progress the worlds cities are making to address this global challenge."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $3 million grant from the Obama Administration to expand apprenticeship opportunities in construction and hospitality through the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development. The City's award, part of the $175 million American Apprenticeship Grant program, will serve 394 participants seeking to advance careers in the construction and hospitality sectors.I want to thank President Obama and Labor Secretary Perez along with our Congressional delegation, Senators Warren and Markey and Representatives Lynch and Capuano, for securing this valuable funding for Boston, said Mayor Walsh. This grant allows us to equip residents with the knowledge and skills needed to gain employment in some of our fastest growing sectors. We want to provide a pipeline to better-paying jobs with benefits. We know the demand exists, and were here to provide the connections.The Mayors Office of Workforce Development led the grant application process with lead partner organizations Building Pathways, YouthBuild Boston, and BEST Corp. In his former role as General Agent for the Building and Construction Trades Council of the Metropolitan District, Mayor Walsh played a pivotal role in starting the Building Pathways program.Building Pathways is a pre-apprenticeship program that provides women and people of color a direct path into a career in the building trades. Over 200 people have participated in the program since it was established in 2011. The public-private collaboration will focus largely on outreach to underrepresented individuals with the goal of strengthening this populations access to apprenticeships.Investments in education and training like the Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative are a key part of how we grow our economy and help our families build a future, Senator Warren said. Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston are leading the way in making sure hardworking people, especially women and people of color, can get the skills they need to get well-paid jobs with good benefits. Im very happy the federal government is recognizing their efforts with this major grant. These federal funds will help the City of Boston expand employment opportunities for residents by offering enhanced training and education in the fields of construction and hospitality, said United States Representative Mike Capuano. The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative will open new career paths for participants, giving them the tools they need to succeed. I appreciate Mayor Walsh and the City of Bostons commitment to establishing innovative employment training programs.As graduates of the Laborers' and Ironworkers' Union Apprenticeship programs, Mayor Walsh and I are true believers in the advantages that skilled training can provide, said Congressman Lynch. For our local businesses to continue to grow, we will need to produce skilled workers to meet their needs. I appreciate Mayor Walsh's leadership on this effort. This will provide great opportunities for 400 Boston residents to create a better life for themselves and their families.The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative (GBAAI) will offer an accelerated path to skilled jobs with several benefits. Participants in the initiative will have access to training opportunities and college credential programs that could increase their earnings from the states minimum wage of $9 per hour to initial union wages of about $16 per hour or journeyman wages of $21 per hour and higher, depending on occupation and educational attainment. The lead partners hope to increase the number of people of color and women, groups who have traditionally been underrepresented, in skilled labor positions.The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative creates opportunities and pathways to success for women and communities of color working to achieve their American Dream, said Senator Edward J. Markey. As demand in the construction and hospitality industries grow, providing pre-apprenticeships, apprenticeships and education that can lead to union careers in these fields will result in a better trained, better equipped workforce. I applaud Mayor Walsh and the Office of Workforce Development for their leadership and commitment to securing this funding that will help underrepresented groups fully maximize their abilities.Wentworth Institute of Technology and Bunker Hill Community College will serve as higher education partners in the GBAAI. Both institutions will provide supportive programming opportunities.The following Associate Programs are offered through Wentworth Institute of Technology to union apprentices: The GBAAI serves as an earn and learn model that will allow participants to earn good wages while working towards college credits. By linking apprenticeships with educational opportunities, the program provides another alternative to traditional college career pathways. In addition, the partnership will create a scholarship fund that will help participants pay for these degrees to help reduce their student debt.We are delighted to participate in this grant, said Wentworth Institute of Technology President Dr. Zorica Pantic. With our focus on experiential learning, Wentworth will provide to the participants of this apprenticeship program a path to career success and also build a skilled workforce pipeline necessary for the future economic growth of the region.The Massachusetts Executive Office of labor and Workforce Development and the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimate that the construction trades will experience a 30 percent growth in jobs in greater Boston between 2012 and 2022. Over the same time period, jobs in the hospitality sector are expected to grow by 20 percent.The Associated General Contractors, Building Trades Employers Association, and Starwood Corporation will serve as regional employer groups. Other partners in the initiative include the Joint Apprenticeship & Training Committee, Boston Housing Authority, ABCD, Madison Park Technical Vocational High School, Boston Private Industry Council, and Bostons one-stop career centers.
Boston  Friday, October 2, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $3 million grant from the Obama Administration to expand apprenticeship opportunities in construction and hospitality through the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development. The City's award, part of the $175 million American Apprenticeship Grant program, will serve 394 participants seeking to advance careers in the construction and hospitality sectors.I want to thank President Obama and Labor Secretary Perez along with our Congressional delegation, Senators Warren and Markey and Representatives Lynch and Capuano, for securing this valuable funding for Boston, said Mayor Walsh. This grant allows us to equip residents with the knowledge and skills needed to gain employment in some of our fastest growing sectors. We want to provide a pipeline to better-paying jobs with benefits. We know the demand exists, and were here to provide the connections.The Mayors Office of Workforce Development led the grant application process with lead partner organizations Building Pathways, YouthBuild Boston, and BEST Corp. In his former role as General Agent for the Building and Construction Trades Council of the Metropolitan District, Mayor Walsh played a pivotal role in starting the Building Pathways program.Building Pathways is a pre-apprenticeship program that provides women and people of color a direct path into a career in the building trades. Over 200 people have participated in the program since it was established in 2011. The public-private collaboration will focus largely on outreach to underrepresented individuals with the goal of strengthening this populations access to apprenticeships.Investments in education and training like the Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative are a key part of how we grow our economy and help our families build a future, Senator Warren said. Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston are leading the way in making sure hardworking people, especially women and people of color, can get the skills they need to get well-paid jobs with good benefits. Im very happy the federal government is recognizing their efforts with this major grant. These federal funds will help the City of Boston expand employment opportunities for residents by offering enhanced training and education in the fields of construction and hospitality, said United States Representative Mike Capuano. The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative will open new career paths for participants, giving them the tools they need to succeed. I appreciate Mayor Walsh and the City of Bostons commitment to establishing innovative employment training programs.As graduates of the Laborers' and Ironworkers' Union Apprenticeship programs, Mayor Walsh and I are true believers in the advantages that skilled training can provide, said Congressman Lynch. For our local businesses to continue to grow, we will need to produce skilled workers to meet their needs. I appreciate Mayor Walsh's leadership on this effort. This will provide great opportunities for 400 Boston residents to create a better life for themselves and their families.The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative (GBAAI) will offer an accelerated path to skilled jobs with several benefits. Participants in the initiative will have access to training opportunities and college credential programs that could increase their earnings from the states minimum wage of $9 per hour to initial union wages of about $16 per hour or journeyman wages of $21 per hour and higher, depending on occupation and educational attainment. The lead partners hope to increase the number of people of color and women, groups who have traditionally been underrepresented, in skilled labor positions.The Greater Boston American Apprenticeship Initiative creates opportunities and pathways to success for women and communities of color working to achieve their American Dream, said Senator Edward J. Markey. As demand in the construction and hospitality industries grow, providing pre-apprenticeships, apprenticeships and education that can lead to union careers in these fields will result in a better trained, better equipped workforce. I applaud Mayor Walsh and the Office of Workforce Development for their leadership and commitment to securing this funding that will help underrepresented groups fully maximize their abilities.Wentworth Institute of Technology and Bunker Hill Community College will serve as higher education partners in the GBAAI. Both institutions will provide supportive programming opportunities.The following Associate Programs are offered through Wentworth Institute of Technology to union apprentices: The GBAAI serves as an earn and learn model that will allow participants to earn good wages while working towards college credits. By linking apprenticeships with educational opportunities, the program provides another alternative to traditional college career pathways. In addition, the partnership will create a scholarship fund that will help participants pay for these degrees to help reduce their student debt.We are delighted to participate in this grant, said Wentworth Institute of Technology President Dr. Zorica Pantic. With our focus on experiential learning, Wentworth will provide to the participants of this apprenticeship program a path to career success and also build a skilled workforce pipeline necessary for the future economic growth of the region.The Massachusetts Executive Office of labor and Workforce Development and the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimate that the construction trades will experience a 30 percent growth in jobs in greater Boston between 2012 and 2022. Over the same time period, jobs in the hospitality sector are expected to grow by 20 percent.The Associated General Contractors, Building Trades Employers Association, and Starwood Corporation will serve as regional employer groups. Other partners in the initiative include the Joint Apprenticeship & Training Committee, Boston Housing Authority, ABCD, Madison Park Technical Vocational High School, Boston Private Industry Council, and Bostons one-stop career centers.
"The City of Boston released today the first year of energy metrics for large buildings  including an interactive map for Boston residents to see their building energy and water usage  as part of its energy reporting and disclosure program. The metrics and findings from that data are available on a new website created by the City and can be accessed here: berdo.greenovateboston.orgWere eager to help residents and businesses save money by connecting building owners with energy efficiency incentives and financing programs, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Energy, Environment, and Open Space. And because large buildings are responsible for about half of our citywide greenhouse gas emissions, increasing their energy efficiency is critical to achieving our climate goals.Bostons updated Greenovate Climate Action Plan provides the framework for how to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Building energy reporting and disclosure is a key component of that plan by encouraging building owners to invest in energy efficiency.""The information provided through energy reporting will assist in the education process for large commercial and residential building owners to understand how to reduce their energy use and costs. We look forward to working with the City to connect building owners with programs for energy efficiency,"" said Greg Vasil, CEO of the Greater Boston Real Estate Board.This is the first year of public disclosure. More than 1,300 large properties, encompassing over 30 percent of the built space in Boston, are now sharing their energy and water use.""With a continued focus on education and outreach through programs like this and ABCs Challenge for Sustainability we will increase our understanding of the energy performance of buildings. This will lead to new investments in energy efficiency and deliver real savings that benefit owners, tenants, and the city. said David Straus, Director of Development & Programs for A Better City.Many of Bostons commercial and institutional buildings score highly on the current national scorecard, earning high ENERGY STAR scores. Offices, university dormitories, and Bostons public schools have median scores that are significantly higher than the national median.Bostons health care sector has been deeply committed to energy efficient operations and tracking institutional and sector energy use for many years it is essential to our mission to care for our patients and communities, said Paul Lipke, Senior Advisor of Energy and Buildings for Health Care Without Harm and Co-coordinator of the Green Ribbon Commission Health Care Working Group.The building energy metrics and an analysis of 2013 data from municipal, commercial, and institutional buildings are available on the website here:http://berdo.greenovateboston.org/Key findings from that data include:Boston enacted the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) in 2013 and shortly thereafter began sharing data on the Citys municipal buildings. BERDO requires large buildings to annually report their energy and water use to the City along with non-residential buildings over 50,000 square feet since the beginning of 2014. Residential buildings of this size began reporting in 2015.By 2017, over 40 percent of Bostons built floor space will be tracking and reporting its energy use and GHG emissions, but to achieve this, less than 4 percent of Bostons buildings will report. Boston is one of fourteen cities nationally with similar policies for transparency on building energy performance."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the appointment of Janine Anzalota as Director of the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing & Equity for the City of Boston. She has served as interim Director for the department since this past July.""Janine exemplifies a dedicated commitment to public service and I'm thrilled of her now permanent appointment as the Office of Fair Housing Director,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has developed an extended track record of service to the many Bostonians throughout the city in many other capacities since 2007. I am pleased with her decision to continue in this function.""""I am incredibly humbled and appreciative to Mayor Walsh for this opportunity to continue to serve Boston,"" said Anzalota. ""His confidence in my ability and recognition of my passion to serve the public drives me to continue to work diligently to give Boston exceptional service.""Anzalota joined the City of Boston as a Senior Program Manager with the Boston Public Health Commission in February of 2007. Prior to that Anzalota was a social worker with Boston Medical Center. In January 2011 Anzalota was given the Boston Public Health Commission's Emerging Young Leader award and later in July of the same year, the National Association of County and City Health Official's award for Model Practice. Over the course of 10 years Anzalota has a vast array of professional writing she has contributed for scholarly analysis on racial justice in health and community engagement and has been invited as the keynote speaker for several conference presentations and panels.Anzalota also worked as the Director of the Boston Public Health Commission's Coordinated Social Support & Training, as well as REACH Obesity & Hypertension Project.Anzalota is a graduate of Worcester State University, where she received a Bachelor of Science in Psychology & Sociology and Boston University, where she earned a Master of Social Work and a Master of Public Health. She currently resides in Jamaica Plain."
"Boston - Thursday, October 1, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the appointment of Janine Anzalota as Director of the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing & Equity for the City of Boston. She has served as interim Director for the department since this past July.""Janine exemplifies a dedicated commitment to public service and I'm thrilled of her now permanent appointment as the Office of Fair Housing Director,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has developed an extended track record of service to the many Bostonians throughout the city in many other capacities since 2007. I am pleased with her decision to continue in this function.""""I am incredibly humbled and appreciative to Mayor Walsh for this opportunity to continue to serve Boston,"" said Anzalota. ""His confidence in my ability and recognition of my passion to serve the public drives me to continue to work diligently to give Boston exceptional service.""Anzalota joined the City of Boston as a Senior Program Manager with the Boston Public Health Commission in February of 2007. Prior to that Anzalota was a social worker with Boston Medical Center. In January 2011 Anzalota was given the Boston Public Health Commission's Emerging Young Leader award and later in July of the same year, the National Association of County and City Health Official's award for Model Practice. Over the course of 10 years Anzalota has a vast array of professional writing she has contributed for scholarly analysis on racial justice in health and community engagement and has been invited as the keynote speaker for several conference presentations and panels.Anzalota also worked as the Director of the Boston Public Health Commission's Coordinated Social Support & Training, as well as REACH Obesity & Hypertension Project.Anzalota is a graduate of Worcester State University, where she received a Bachelor of Science in Psychology & Sociology and Boston University, where she earned a Master of Social Work and a Master of Public Health. She currently resides in Jamaica Plain."
"BOSTON  October 1, 2015  The City of Boston released today the first year of energy metrics for large buildings  including an interactive map for Boston residents to see their building energy and water usage  as part of its energy reporting and disclosure program. The metrics and findings from that data are available on a new website created by the City and can be accessed here: berdo.greenovateboston.org.Were eager to help residents and businesses save money by connecting building owners with energy efficiency incentives and financing programs, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Energy, Environment, and Open Space. And because large buildings are responsible for about half of our citywide greenhouse gas emissions, increasing their energy efficiency is critical to achieving our climate goals.Bostons updated Greenovate Climate Action Plan provides the framework for how to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. Building energy reporting and disclosure is a key component of that plan by encouraging building owners to invest in energy efficiency.""The information provided through energy reporting will assist in the education process for large commercial and residential building owners to understand how to reduce their energy use and costs. We look forward to working with the City to connect building owners with programs for energy efficiency,"" said Greg Vasil, CEO of the Greater Boston Real Estate Board.This is the first year of public disclosure. More than 1,300 large properties, encompassing over 30 percent of the built space in Boston, are now sharing their energy and water use.""With a continued focus on education and outreach through programs like this and ABCs Challenge for Sustainability we will increase our understanding of the energy performance of buildings. This will lead to new investments in energy efficiency and deliver real savings that benefit owners, tenants, and the city. said David Straus, Director of Development & Programs for A Better City.Many of Bostons commercial and institutional buildings score highly on the current national scorecard, earning high ENERGY STAR scores. Offices, university dormitories, and Bostons public schools have median scores that are significantly higher than the national median.Bostons health care sector has been deeply committed to energy efficient operations and tracking institutional and sector energy use for many years it is essential to our mission to care for our patients and communities, said Paul Lipke, Senior Advisor of Energy and Buildings for Health Care Without Harm and Co-coordinator of the Green Ribbon Commission Health Care Working Group.The building energy metrics and an analysis of 2013 data from municipal, commercial, and institutional buildings are available on the website here:http://berdo.greenovateboston.org/Key findings from that data include:Boston enacted the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) in 2013 and shortly thereafter began sharing data on the Citys municipal buildings. BERDO requires large buildings to annually report their energy and water use to the City along with non-residential buildings over 50,000 square feet since the beginning of 2014. Residential buildings of this size began reporting in 2015.By 2017, over 40 percent of Bostons built floor space will be tracking and reporting its energy use and GHG emissions, but to achieve this, less than 4 percent of Bostons buildings will report. Boston is one of fourteen cities nationally with similar policies for transparency on building energy performance."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Jackson Square Partners, a collaboration led by Urban Edge and the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC), to announce three significant milestones achieved in the Jackson Square Redevelopment Master Plan. These milestones mark the final phases of development that will add 37 affordable units to the citys housing market, the start of construction on a separate residential development that will create 39 new affordable units for families, and the beginning of a land remediation process for a nearby recreation center, with the help of a $200,000 grant from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).I am proud that the City of Boston has invested funding into the redevelopment of these once vacant and underutilized public and private parcels, said Mayor Walsh. I want to thank the EPA for this grant to help us move forward with the process of restoring the land to a useful state, and our partners for working with us to create transit-oriented housing that will knit the Roxbury and Jamaica Plain Neighborhood together.The three milestones include:Completion of Jackson Commons: This project cost more than $21 million and is comprised of a 37 unit, mixed-use and mixed income housing development near the Jackson Square MBTA stop. The development is more than 10,000 square feet of ground floor retail, as well as 2,000 square feet of retail and commercial space. The redevelopment consisted of the adaptive re-use and renovation of the 100 year old, three story, 23,600 square foot Webb Building. The residential unit mix includes 25 two-bedrooms, 7 one bedrooms and 5 three-bedrooms. Eight units are reserved for homeless/formerly homeless residents earning no more than 30 percent of AMI. The remaining 29 units are affordable to residents with income limits of 60 percent AMI to 110 percent AMI.Groundbreaking of 75 Amory Ave. Development: The third phase will break ground on a $16 million development that will create 39 units of affordable housing for families. The site is being developed by the JPNDC.$200,000 in Funding for Land Remediation: The U.S. EPA awarded the City of Boston $200,000 in brownfields grant for the remediation of the former industrial sites next to Jackson Commons at 1542 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury. This land will be transformed into a recreation center for the neighborhood.When complete, the $250 million Jackson Square Redevelopment Master Plan will include more than 400 units of housing, 60,000 square feet of ground floor retail, two major community facilities,10,000 square feet of office space, and will have generated an estimated 276 construction jobs. Among other funding sources, Urban Edge has received more than $4 million in funding assistance from the City of Boston and more than $2 million from the States Department of Housing and Community Development.The success of Mayor Walsh's housing plan depends on building great housing that is affordable to a variety of income levels and siting it near really good transit,"" said Sheila A. Dillon, Boston's Chief of Housing. We are lucky to have such strong partners at the neighborhood, state, and federal level to help us accomplish these goals. Jackson Square is such an important neighborhood to the City, with its great access to transit, new housing, and an active, vibrant community.In accordance with the City of Bostons Green Affordable Housing Program, Jackson Commons boasts high efficiency heating and cooling systems fixtures as well as Energy Star rated appliances.The Jackson Square Redevelopment Initiative is a master plan designed to transform 11 acres of vacant lots into a vibrant, mixed-use, environmentally sustainable, transit-oriented community. To learn more, please visithere."
"BOSTON - Wednesday, September 30, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Jackson Square Partners, a collaboration led by Urban Edge and the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC), to announce three significant milestones achieved in the Jackson Square Redevelopment Master Plan. These milestones mark the final phases of development that will add 37 affordable units to the citys housing market, the start of construction on a separate residential development that will create 39 new affordable units for families, and the beginning of a land remediation process for a nearby recreation center, with the help of a $200,000 grant from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).I am proud that the City of Boston has invested funding into the redevelopment of these once vacant and underutilized public and private parcels, said Mayor Walsh. I want to thank the EPA for this grant to help us move forward with the process of restoring the land to a useful state, and our partners for working with us to create transit-oriented housing that will knit the Roxbury and Jamaica Plain Neighborhood together.The three milestones include:Completion of Jackson Commons: This project cost more than $21 million and is comprised of a 37 unit, mixed-use and mixed income housing development near the Jackson Square MBTA stop. The development is more than 10,000 square feet of ground floor retail, as well as 2,000 square feet of retail and commercial space. The redevelopment consisted of the adaptive re-use and renovation of the 100 year old, three story, 23,600 square foot Webb Building. The residential unit mix includes 25 two-bedrooms, 7 one bedrooms and 5 three-bedrooms. Eight units are reserved for homeless/formerly homeless residents earning no more than 30 percent of AMI. The remaining 29 units are affordable to residents with income limits of 60 percent AMI to 110 percent AMI.Groundbreaking of 75 Amory Ave. Development: The third phase will break ground on a $16 million development that will create 39 units of affordable housing for families. The site is being developed by the JPNDC.$200,000 in Funding for Land Remediation: The U.S. EPA awarded the City of Boston $200,000 in BrownfieldsGrant for the remediation of the former industrial sites next to Jackson Commons at 1542 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury. This land will be transformed into a recreation center for the neighborhood.When complete, the $250 million Jackson Square Redevelopment Master Plan will include more than 400 units of housing, 60,000 square feet of ground floor retail, two major community facilities,10,000 square feet of office space, and will have generated an estimated 276 construction jobs. Among other funding sources, Urban Edge has received more than $4 million in funding assistance from the City of Boston and more than $2 million from the States Department of Housing and Community Development.The success of Mayor Walsh's housing plan depends on building great housing that is affordable to a variety of income levels and siting it near really good transit,"" said Sheila A. Dillon, Boston's Chief of Housing. We are lucky to have such strong partners at the neighborhood, state, and federal level to help us accomplish these goals. Jackson Square is such an important neighborhood to the City, with its great access to transit, new housing, and an active, vibrant community.In accordance with the City of Bostons Green Affordable Housing Program, Jackson Commons boasts high efficiency heating and cooling systems fixtures as well as Energy Star rated appliances.The Jackson Square Redevelopment Initiative is a master plan designed to transform 11 acres of vacant lots into a vibrant, mixed-use, environmentally sustainable, transit-oriented community. To learn more, please visithere."
On June 2, we officially kicked off the public engagement phase with a Town Hall at English High School. Almost 500 people were on hand that night to learn about the cultural planning process and participate in break-out discussions. Following the Town Hall, the Boston Creates community engagement teams spread out across the city, holding 118 community conversations in 16 neighborhoods, engaging more than 1100 individuals. Conversations were held in multiple languages and a special effort was made to engage youth across the city.Our team has been hard at work, facilitating more than 40 focus groups, engaging close to 600 participants representing artistic disciplines and service organizations, as well as individuals in education, creative industries, humanities, tourism and economic development. The team has also conducted individual interviews with stakeholders in city government and cultural institutions across the city.The community survey was launched in mid-July and was designed to explore how individuals define and engage in creative activities. The survey was open to anyone who lives, works or plays in Boston. So far, more than 2500 people have completed the survey. If you havent had a chance to participate yet, The survey will remain open through the end of the month. You can access it in Englishhereor in Spanishhere.With such incredible enthusiasm for participation in the process, what have we learned?On November 2nd, join us from 6pm  8pm at The Boston Latin School for the secondBoston Creates Town Hallas we review what weve learned and develop potential responses. Come join with your fellow Bostonians for this second town hall meeting. Conducted as a workshop, like the first town hall in June, this two-hour session will include a presentation of the community engagement findings and peer group discussion.Please RSVP athttps://bostoncreatestownhall2.eventbrite.com. We look forward to seeing you there!
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launchedBuild BPS, a 10-Year Educational and Facilities Master Plan for Boston Public Schools (BPS) that will provide a strategic framework for facilities investments, as well as reform that is aligned with the Mayor's vision of fosteringexemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools.""The most important investment we can make is in our young people, and we do that by supporting their education and making sure they have the best opportunities and learning facilities available to them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This master plan will ensure that Boston's schools are equipping students with the education, skills and facilities needed to meet the standards of 21st century learning."" Over the next 18 months, the Mayor's Education Cabinet and BPS will work with consultantSymmes, Maini & McKee Associates (SMMA) todevelop a comprehensive set of recommendations that will be submitted to Mayor Walsh, Superintendent Tommy Chang and the Boston School Committee by the end of 2016.""The world around us is changing at a staggering pace and over the next 10 years, there will be many more innovations that will change the way we live and learn,"" said Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Learning and instruction are changing, too, as we prepare our students to thrive in this advancing world. That also means that our school buildings and classrooms need updating to respond to the accelerating rate of innovation and meet the demands of 21stcentury learning.""The work of SMMA will be in partnership with BPS, the Mayor's Education Cabinet, and several City agencies, including Property and Construction Management, Environment, Energy and Open Space, Neighborhood Services, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority, in consultation with designer and project manager Margaret Wood of Pinck & Co.""To be successful, we are all going to need to collaborate - district central office, school leaders, teachers, students, parents, business, higher education, community leaders, and government officials,"" said Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey. ""We are confident that with the help of all city stakeholders, we will create a vision for 21st century learning in Boston - and build the infrastructure that supports our collective ambitions."" The planning process for Build BPS will include the following components:For the latest schedule and more information, please visit:bostonpublicschools.org/buildbps. To join the conversation and provide feedback, residents are encouraged to use #BuildBPS via social media platforms. ###ABOUT THE MAYOR'S EDUCATION CABINETFormed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in September 2014, the Mayor's Education Cabinet works to connect leaders across Boston's education ecosystem to design and deliver engaging experiences that support lifelong learning for students of all ages, in Boston's schools and beyond.ABOUT BOSTON PUBLIC SCHOOLSAs the birthplace of public education in this nation, Boston Public Schools (BPS) is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. BPS partners with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.ABOUT SYMMES, MAINI & MCKEE ASSOCIATESSMMA has provided design solutions for over 60 years. SMMA approaches design as a process of deep collaboration SMMA's staff - including an in-house Educational Planner - are skilled at adapting their knowledge to the needs of each project and gaining consensus among administration, faculty, parents, neighbors and greater communities."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday celebrated the opening of theRoxburyInnovation Center in Dudley Square, which will serve as a unique collaboration among several partners to create a venue for experimentation, creative thinking and building community connections. ""I want to bring the future economy to every Boston neighborhood,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""TheRoxburyInnovation Center will be a catalyst for economic development and lifting the entire community."" Located in the Bolling Building, which opened this past spring and serves as the new Boston Public Schools headquarters, theRoxburyInnovation Center is 3,350 square feet of flexible event space, classroom-style training space anda creative technology lab. TheRoxburyInnovation Center will support local economic development by encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship. The Venture Caf Foundation will run theRoxburyInnovation Center as a mission-driven not-for-profit gathering and event space. The space is positioned as a local space that will be available for groups to provide programs that support innovators, entrepreneurs and business founders. In addition to working with many programming partners, including flagship programming partner, SkyLab, with their Educate-Activate-Incubate bootcamp approach-Venture Caf also produces programming to activate the space and connect the innovation economy. ""TheRoxburyInnovation Centerismeanttoprovidea supportive environment for local entrepreneurs to cultivatetheirconceptsandthenstarttheir businesses. Wewantto increase access to resources and grow the social fabric thatencouragesfoundersintheRoxburyneighborhood totakerisksand grow their big ideas,"" said Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf.""This is a highly collaborative project, and an experimental one. Entrepreneurs and innovators need lots of different types of resources to develop, support and scale their ideas. We're glad to be working with SkyLab, the Boston Public Schools, the City of Boston, and many local innovators to test out new ideas and maximize the impact potential of theRoxburyInnovation Center."" Thecreative technologylab will house specialized technology and equipment including microelectronics,digital fabrication technologies (including 3D printing, laser cutting and CNC machining)and creative editing software. All groups interested in providing neighborhood-based programming designed to convene and develop local entrepreneurs and grow the community of innovatorsare encouraged to get in touch. The Innovation Center will be able to support networking events, workshops, hackathons and more. For more information and tobook meeting or eventspace please visitwww.roxburyinnovationcenter.org.  The Venture Cafe FoundationThe Venture Caf Foundation's believes that every person with an idea should feel empowered to become a successful entrepreneur,no matter their background, origin, or education. The Venture Caf's mission is to connect the innovation community, expand the definition of innovation, and build a more inclusive innovation economy. The Venture Caf Foundation enhances and accelerates the innovation process through spaces, programs, and conversations for individuals and organizations to gather and build relationships. Please visit our website for more information about our other programs. The Venture Caf Foundation is incorporated as a Massachusetts Not-for-Profit Corporation and is a 501 (c) 3 company."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 29, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday celebrated the opening of theRoxburyInnovation Center in Dudley Square, which will serve as a unique collaboration among several partners to create a venue for experimentation, creative thinking and building community connections. ""I want to bring the future economy to every Boston neighborhood,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""TheRoxburyInnovation Center will be a catalyst for economic development and lifting the entire community."" Located in the Bolling Building, which opened this past spring and serves as the new Boston Public Schools headquarters, theRoxburyInnovation Center is 3,350 square feet of flexible event space, classroom-style training space anda creative technology lab. TheRoxburyInnovation Center will support local economic development by encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship. The Venture Caf Foundation will run theRoxburyInnovation Center as a mission-driven not-for-profit gathering and event space. The space is positioned as a local space that will be available for groups to provide programs that support innovators, entrepreneurs and business founders. In addition to working with many programming partners, including flagship programming partner, SkyLab, with their Educate-Activate-Incubate bootcamp approach-Venture Caf also produces programming to activate the space and connect the innovation economy. ""TheRoxburyInnovation Centerismeanttoprovidea supportive environment for local entrepreneurs to cultivatetheirconceptsandthenstarttheir businesses. Wewantto increase access to resources and grow the social fabric thatencouragesfoundersintheRoxburyneighborhood totakerisksand grow their big ideas,"" said Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf.""This is a highly collaborative project, and an experimental one. Entrepreneurs and innovators need lots of different types of resources to develop, support and scale their ideas. We're glad to be working with SkyLab, the Boston Public Schools, the City of Boston, and many local innovators to test out new ideas and maximize the impact potential of theRoxburyInnovation Center."" Thecreative technologylab will house specialized technology and equipment including microelectronics,digital fabrication technologies (including 3D printing, laser cutting and CNC machining)and creative editing software. All groups interested in providing neighborhood-based programming designed to convene and develop local entrepreneurs and grow the community of innovatorsare encouraged to get in touch. The Innovation Center will be able to support networking events, workshops, hackathons and more. For more information and tobook meeting or eventspace please visitwww.roxburyinnovationcenter.org.  The Venture Cafe FoundationThe Venture Caf Foundation's believes that every person with an idea should feel empowered to become a successful entrepreneur,no matter their background, origin, or education. The Venture Caf's mission is to connect the innovation community, expand the definition of innovation, and build a more inclusive innovation economy. The Venture Caf Foundation enhances and accelerates the innovation process through spaces, programs, and conversations for individuals and organizations to gather and build relationships. Please visit our website for more information about our other programs. The Venture Caf Foundation is incorporated as a Massachusetts Not-for-Profit Corporation and is a 501 (c) 3 company."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 29, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launchedBuild BPS, a 10-Year Educational and Facilities Master Plan for Boston Public Schools (BPS) that will provide a strategic framework for facilities investments, as well as reform that is aligned with the Mayor's vision of fosteringexemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools.""The most important investment we can make is in our young people, and we do that by supporting their education and making sure they have the best opportunities and learning facilities available to them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This master plan will ensure that Boston's schools are equipping students with the education, skills and facilities needed to meet the standards of 21st century learning."" Over the next 18 months, the Mayor's Education Cabinet and BPS will work with consultantSymmes, Maini & McKee Associates (SMMA) todevelop a comprehensive set of recommendations that will be submitted to Mayor Walsh, Superintendent Tommy Chang and the Boston School Committee by the end of 2016.""The world around us is changing at a staggering pace and over the next 10 years, there will be many more innovations that will change the way we live and learn,"" said Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Learning and instruction are changing, too, as we prepare our students to thrive in this advancing world. That also means that our school buildings and classrooms need updating to respond to the accelerating rate of innovation and meet the demands of 21stcentury learning.""The work of SMMA will be in partnership with BPS, the Mayor's Education Cabinet, and several City agencies, including Property and Construction Management, Environment, Energy and Open Space, Neighborhood Services, and the Boston Redevelopment Authority, in consultation with designer and project manager Margaret Wood of Pinck & Co.""To be successful, we are all going to need to collaborate - district central office, school leaders, teachers, students, parents, business, higher education, community leaders, and government officials,"" said Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey. ""We are confident that with the help of all city stakeholders, we will create a vision for 21st century learning in Boston - and build the infrastructure that supports our collective ambitions."" The planning process for Build BPS will include the following components:For the latest schedule and more information, please visit:bostonpublicschools.org/buildbps. To join the conversation and provide feedback, residents are encouraged to use #BuildBPS via social media platforms.ABOUT THE MAYOR'S EDUCATION CABINETFormed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in September 2014, the Mayor's Education Cabinet works to connect leaders across Boston's education ecosystem to design and deliver engaging experiences that support lifelong learning for students of all ages, in Boston's schools and beyond.ABOUT BOSTON PUBLIC SCHOOLSAs the birthplace of public education in this nation, Boston Public Schools (BPS) is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. BPS partners with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.ABOUT SYMMES, MAINI & MCKEE ASSOCIATESSMMA has provided design solutions for over 60 years. SMMA approaches design as a process of deep collaboration SMMA's staff - including an in-house Educational Planner - are skilled at adapting their knowledge to the needs of each project and gaining consensus among administration, faculty, parents, neighbors and greater communities."
"BOSTON -Monday, September 28, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released a report that explores the possibility of building on the successes and lessons learned from the Seaport InnovationDistrictand creating moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistrictsin Boston to empower the city's entrepreneurial talent. The report was created by the Neighborhood InnovationDistrictCommittee, a group of community members, entrepreneurs, thought-leaders and public servants who were appointed by the Mayor to hold public meetings and discuss the benefits and challenges found in the creation of moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts.  ""As we work to create sustainable opportunities throughout the City of Boston, we have identified the creation of additional Neighborhood Innovation Districts as a promising strategy to empower and encourage the entrepreneurial talent that already exists in ourneighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Committee for their hard work in assembling this set of recommendations and I look forward to turning their thoughtful plans into action so we can continue to spread the entrepreneurial spirit throughout the city.""NeighborhoodInnovationDistrictswill be designed to provide widespread employment opportunities, encourageneighborhoodresidents to create innovations that support existing business and start-ups, as well as provide information, connections and physical locations for innovators and entrepreneurs.Initiated as the direct result of community input during Mayor Walsh's Transition process, the Committee was formed over the summer of 2014 and was co-chaired by John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston and Edward Glaeser, a Professor of Economics at Harvard University and former director of the Rappaport Institute of Greater Boston.""Boston's growth needs to be fueled by the continued growth of all of ourneighborhoods,"" said Chief Barros. ""Creating more ways for our local businesses and entrepreneurs to use the innovation economy and new technology in order to add more jobs and opportunities is exciting. Our newneighborhoodinnovation strategy expands access to all Bostonians and builds on the promise of the people who live and invest in ourneighborhoodseveryday."" ""Mayor Walsh has always said that innovation belongs in every neighborhood, and we are so excited about having innovation districts coming to our Main Streets districts,""said Sheila A Dillon, Chief of Housing and Director of the Department of Neighborhood Development. ""It's initiatives like this that are making Boston a premier city for entrepreneurs and small businesses owners. The Neighborhood Innovation District will helpcreate new jobs, support existing business owners and well-established businesses, andencourage new investment in our neighborhoods.  Through the work of its four subcommittees, the Committee assembled a comprehensive list of recommendations for designing aneighborhoodinnovationdistrict. The lead recommendations include:1. Focus on investing in people.The report recommends new forms of vocational training and calls for experimenting with entrepreneurship training to enhance the core skill areas needed for entrepreneurs and innovators. Potential forms of training include through mentoring, entrepreneurship boot camp and targeted vocational training.2. Rethink and streamline the public role in entrepreneurship.In order to help facilitate conversations between the innovationdistrictand local government, the role of innovationdistrictorganizer should be established.3. The development process for thedistrictmust be inclusive.TheDistrictshould recognize that entrepreneurship and innovation come in many forms, and that under-resourcedneighborhoodsare already hubs of creativity, whether or not that creativity has been fully transformed into economic wealth.4. Match the physical infrastructure with the human needs of theneighborhood.TheDistrictshould provide affordable space for entrepreneurs, allow ready access to robust transit and provide world-class high-speed internet connections.With the goal in mind of replicating successful efforts throughout the City of Boston, the report is split into two primary sections. The first addresses recommendations that can be applied to allneighborhoodsand the second discusses recommendations specific for the Dudley Square-Upham's Corner Corridor, which would serve as a pilot to test the viability of a series ofNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts. This area was identified due to its economic vitality and the opportunity to use the infrastructure already established to create a hub of innovation and entrepreneurship.""The Dudley Square-Upham's CornerDistrictis particularly attractive because it is a great public transportation hub,"" said Professor Glaeser. ""It has strong educational institutions nearby and a population that is filled with energy and imagination. TheDistrictis one of the Boston's many greatneighborhoodsand we believe that it can be even greater with theneighborhoodinnovationdistrict.""Read the full report"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Tosha Baker as the Director of the Office of Food Initiatives for the City of Boston. Ms. Baker, a Dorchester resident, brings over a decade of food and nutrition experience to her new role.""Tosha brings incredible purpose to this position, and is devoted to ensuring that Boston is food secure,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her years of experience working to improve the health of our City with proper nutrition, increasing food access, and reducing hunger make her an invaluable leader.""Prior to accepting the role of Director, Ms. Baker spent eight years working for Women, Infant and Children (WIC) as a Nutritionist and lactation consultant (CLC), where she provided nutritional counseling to improve the health and long-term outcomes of Boston's low income families.Ms. Baker's background also includes working as a professionally trained chef and nutritionist at the Food Project, and serving in the FANtastic Kids program of Boston Medical Center, a twelve week after-school fitness and nutrition program.""I am truly honored to lead the City's Office of Food Initiatives under the leadership of a Mayor who is devoted to creating a thriving and healthy Boston,"" said Ms. Baker. ""I am eager to build on the work of this Office and passionate about collaborating with partners to maximize access to healthy, fresh foods for all of the people of Boston, and especially for those who need it most.""The Mayor's Office of Food Initiatives works to increase access to healthy and affordable food, promote healthy choices and the City resources that can reduce hunger and obesity. The Office also supports a sustainable food environment through increased urban farming and public composting.Ms. Baker obtained dual degrees in Culinary Nutrition and Culinary Arts from Johnson & Wales University, Providence, RI. She is an active member of B.O.N.D of Color (Boston Organization of Dietitians and Nutritionists), and lives in Dorchester."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined partners Historic Boston Inc., The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute of Boston, North Bennet Street School, and the Mattapan community to celebrate start of the more than a $3 million historic renovation of the 18th century Fowler Clark Epstein Farm into a working urban farm, housing for farmers, and educational training center, under the auspices of the Urban Farming Institute. At the celebration Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston will also be giving Historic Boston a $150,000 grant to help jump-start this important historic preservation project in Boston.""I am excited to celebrate another step in the revitalization of this once blighted historic farm in Mattapan,"" said Mayor Martin Walsh. ""I am proud that my administration has made an investment in the past - and the future - of the Mattapan community with the rehabilitation of this land. I want to thank Historic Boston for their creative vision and commitment to creating a working farm, a training center and housing for farmers on this formerly vacant site.""Built sometime between 1786 and 1806, the original farmhouse was once part of a large Dorchester farm encompassing more than 330 acres dating back into the 17th century. It is Mattapan's oldest structure. Although five families have passed through the house across its 200-year history, it has primarily been owned by three families, beginning with Samuel Fowler, a Dorchester yeoman in the late 18th century. More than half an acre of land was preserved within a densely developed residential neighborhood, and the original house and barn were sold to Jorge Epstein in 1941, remaining in the family's possession until falling vacant in 2013. ""Urban agriculture and farms are a few of the many approaches to increasing access to healthy, nutritious foods for people in our City,"" said Tosha Baker,MayorWalsh's newly appointed Director of Food Initiatives. ""I would like to thankMayorWalshand all of the City's partners who were involved in bringing the launch of this project to fruition. I look forward to seeing the end results."" The developer for the historic renovation of the 1786 Fowler Clark Epstein Farm is Historic Boston Inc. (HBI), a 55-year-old nonprofit organization that preserves and redevelops historic buildings in Boston for new uses. HBI is partnering with three other nonprofit organizations on this more than $3 million project to turn one of Boston's oldest urban farms into a modern farm and urban agriculture training/education center The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute, and North Bennet Street School.Historic Boston Inc. as the developer of the property will be assembling and structuring all financing sources and managing the rehabilitation of the buildings. The Trust for Public Land will build the farm's planting beds and prepare the site for farming. The Urban Farming Institute will be the primary tenant and operator of the property and urban farming center after rehabilitation. Students and instructors from North Bennet Street School's Preservation Carpentry program will stabilize the historic barn and restore historic elements on both the barn and the house.Once the renovation is completed the farm will become headquarters and a demonstration farming center for the Urban Farming Institute, an organization devoted to advancing commercial urban farming in Boston through land development, technical training and education of urban farming professionals. The site will also host numerous programs for the public. The farm is located adjacent to the Fairmount MBTA Commuter Rail Line at Morton Street.Rehabilitation plans include land and open areas cultivated for local food classrooms for educational programs and a residence for an on-site farm manager in the historic house an education/training center that will promote urban farming knowledge with classrooms, a demonstration kitchen and offices in the 1860s carriage barn for both farmers in training and public programs about farming and food production a greenhouse to extend the New England growing season and a farm stand with fresh produce available to neighbors and the public."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a five-year partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW) to offer free salary negotiation workshops available to every woman in the city of Boston, called AAUW Work Smart in Boston. The goal is to train half of Bostons working women, or 85,000 women, over the next five years.I am thrilled to partner with the AAUW to offer these workshops to the working women of Boston, said Mayor Walsh The AAUW workshops are the next step in giving women the tools they need to compete in todays economy. When women succeed, our businesses, our communities and our city succeeds.Since establishing the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, Mayor Walsh has been committed to making Boston the premier place for working women. As part of a multi-pronged approach to close the gender wage gap, the free workshops are aimed at empowering women to know their value and will provide them concrete skills when they are at the negotiation table.Attendees will participate in a two-hour workshop and will learn four key skills:1. Step 1: Know your value2. Step 2: Identify a Target Salary and Benefit Package3. Step 3: Know Your Strategy4. Step 4: Practice, Practice, PracticeWorkshops will be provided in every neighborhood throughout Boston. A list of the fall workshops can be found atwww.boston.gov/women. Attendees will also be invited to participate in several networking opportunities following the workshops to form professional partnerships and develop pipelines for leadership.We are so excited to provide the working women of Boston these one of a kind workshops, said Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Mayors of Womens Advancement We know that the gender wage gap still exists, so its important to work with both employers and individuals to shift the culture and ensure women are given equal opportunities.AAUW fights tirelessly for fair pay at the national and local levels. Thanks to this new collaboration with Mayor Walsh, well have an even greater impact because we are stronger working together, said AAUW CEO Linda D. Hallman, CAE. We will make monumental change in Boston and set an example for the nation right here in the city where AAUW was founded more than a century ago.AAUW is providing a project manager, Kristina Desir, who will work in City Hall in partnership with the Boston Mayors Office of Womens Advancement to manage the day-to-day operations of the project.The first salary negotiation workshop is being held today at 4:00 pm at the YWCA Boston in the Back Bay.
"BOSTON -Monday, September 28, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released a report that explores the possibility of building on the successes and lessons learned from the Seaport InnovationDistrictand creating moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistrictsin Boston to empower the city's entrepreneurial talent. The report was created by the Neighborhood InnovationDistrictCommittee, a group of community members, entrepreneurs, thought-leaders and public servants who were appointed by the Mayor to hold public meetings and discuss the benefits and challenges found in the creation of moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts.  ""As we work to create sustainable opportunities throughout the City of Boston, we have identified the creation of additional Neighborhood Innovation Districts as a promising strategy to empower and encourage the entrepreneurial talent that already exists in ourneighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Committee for their hard work in assembling this set of recommendations and I look forward to turning their thoughtful plans into action so we can continue to spread the entrepreneurial spirit throughout the city.""NeighborhoodInnovationDistrictswill be designed to provide widespread employment opportunities, encourageneighborhoodresidents to create innovations that support existing business and start-ups, as well as provide information, connections and physical locations for innovators and entrepreneurs.Initiated as the direct result of community input during Mayor Walsh's Transition process, the Committee was formed over the summer of 2014 and was co-chaired by John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston and Edward Glaeser, a Professor of Economics at Harvard University and former director of the Rappaport Institute of Greater Boston.""Boston's growth needs to be fueled by the continued growth of all of ourneighborhoods,"" said Chief Barros. ""Creating more ways for our local businesses and entrepreneurs to use the innovation economy and new technology in order to add more jobs and opportunities is exciting. Our newneighborhoodinnovation strategy expands access to all Bostonians and builds on the promise of the people who live and invest in ourneighborhoodseveryday."" ""Mayor Walsh has always said that innovation belongs in every neighborhood, and we are so excited about having innovation districts coming to our Main Streets districts,""said Sheila A Dillon, Chief of Housing and Director of the Department of Neighborhood Development. ""It's initiatives like this that are making Boston a premier city for entrepreneurs and small businesses owners. The Neighborhood Innovation District will helpcreate new jobs, support existing business owners and well-established businesses, andencourage new investment in our neighborhoods.  Through the work of its four subcommittees, the Committee assembled a comprehensive list of recommendations for designing aneighborhoodinnovationdistrict. The lead recommendations include:With the goal in mind of replicating successful efforts throughout the City of Boston, the report is split into two primary sections. The first addresses recommendations that can be applied to allneighborhoodsand the second discusses recommendations specific for the Dudley Square-Upham's Corner Corridor, which would serve as a pilot to test the viability of a series ofNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts. This area was identified due to its economic vitality and the opportunity to use the infrastructure already established to create a hub of innovation and entrepreneurship.""The Dudley Square-Upham's CornerDistrictis particularly attractive because it is a great public transportation hub,"" said Professor Glaeser. ""It has strong educational institutions nearby and a population that is filled with energy and imagination. TheDistrictis one of the Boston's many greatneighborhoodsand we believe that it can be even greater with theneighborhoodinnovationdistrict.""To read the full report, please clickhere."
BOSTON - Monday, September 28, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a five-year partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW) to offer free salary negotiation workshops available to every woman in the city of Boston, called AAUW Work Smart in Boston. The goal is to train half of Bostons working women, or 85,000 women, over the next five years.I am thrilled to partner with the AAUW to offer these workshops to the working women of Boston, said Mayor Walsh The AAUW workshops are the next step in giving women the tools they need to compete in todays economy. When women succeed, our businesses, our communities and our city succeeds.Since establishing the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, Mayor Walsh has been committed to making Boston the premier place for working women. As part of a multi-pronged approach to close the gender wage gap, the free workshops are aimed at empowering women to know their value and will provide them concrete skills when they are at the negotiation table.Attendees will participate in a two-hour workshop and will learn four key skills:Workshops will be provided in every neighborhood throughout Boston. A list of the fall workshops can be found atwww.boston.gov/women. Attendees will also be invited to participate in several networking opportunities following the workshops to form professional partnerships and develop pipelines for leadership.We are so excited to provide the working women of Boston these one of a kind workshops, said Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Mayors of Womens Advancement We know that the gender wage gap still exists, so its important to work with both employers and individuals to shift the culture and ensure women are given equal opportunities.AAUW fights tirelessly for fair pay at the national and local levels. Thanks to this new collaboration with Mayor Walsh, well have an even greater impact because we are stronger working together, said AAUW CEO Linda D. Hallman, CAE. We will make monumental change in Boston and set an example for the nation right here in the city where AAUW was founded more than a century ago.AAUW is providing a project manager, Kristina Desir, who will work in City Hall in partnership with the Boston Mayors Office of Womens Advancement to manage the day-to-day operations of the project.The first salary negotiation workshop is being held today at 4:00 pm at the YWCA Boston in the Back Bay.
"BOSTON - Monday, September 28, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Tosha Baker as the Director of the Office of Food Initiatives for the City of Boston. Ms. Baker, a Dorchester resident, brings over a decade of food and nutrition experience to her new role.""Tosha brings incredible purpose to this position, and is devoted to ensuring that Boston is food secure,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her years of experience working to improve the health of our City with proper nutrition, increasing food access, and reducing hunger make her an invaluable leader.""Prior to accepting the role of Director, Ms. Baker spent eight years working for Women, Infant and Children (WIC) as a Nutritionist and lactation consultant (CLC), where she provided nutritional counseling to improve the health and long-term outcomes of Boston's low income families.Ms. Baker's background also includes working as a professionally trained chef and nutritionist at the Food Project, and serving in the FANtastic Kids program of Boston Medical Center, a twelve week after-school fitness and nutrition program.""I am truly honored to lead the City's Office of Food Initiatives under the leadership of a Mayor who is devoted to creating a thriving and healthy Boston,"" said Ms. Baker. ""I am eager to build on the work of this Office and passionate about collaborating with partners to maximize access to healthy, fresh foods for all of the people of Boston, and especially for those who need it most.""The Mayor's Office of Food Initiatives works to increase access to healthy and affordable food, promote healthy choices and the City resources that can reduce hunger and obesity. The Office also supports a sustainable food environment through increased urban farming and public composting.Ms. Baker obtained dual degrees in Culinary Nutrition and Culinary Arts from Johnson & Wales University, Providence, RI. She is an active member of B.O.N.D of Color (Boston Organization of Dietitians and Nutritionists), and lives in Dorchester."
"Boston -Monday, September 28, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined partners Historic Boston Inc., The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute of Boston, North Bennet Street School, and the Mattapan community to celebrate start of the more than a $3 million historic renovation of the 18th century Fowler Clark Epstein Farm into a working urban farm, housing for farmers, and educational training center, under the auspices of the Urban Farming Institute. At the celebration Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston will also be giving Historic Boston a $150,000 grant to help jump-start this important historic preservation project in Boston.""I am excited to celebrate another step in the revitalization of this once blighted historic farm in Mattapan,"" said Mayor Martin Walsh. ""I am proud that my administration has made an investment in the past - and the future - of the Mattapan community with the rehabilitation of this land. I want to thank Historic Boston for their creative vision and commitment to creating a working farm, a training center and housing for farmers on this formerly vacant site.""Built sometime between 1786 and 1806, the original farmhouse was once part of a large Dorchester farm encompassing more than 330 acres dating back into the 17th century. It is Mattapan's oldest structure. Although five families have passed through the house across its 200-year history, it has primarily been owned by three families, beginning with Samuel Fowler, a Dorchester yeoman in the late 18th century. More than half an acre of land was preserved within a densely developed residential neighborhood, and the original house and barn were sold to Jorge Epstein in 1941, remaining in the family's possession until falling vacant in 2013. ""Urban agriculture and farms are a few of the many approaches to increasing access to healthy, nutritious foods for people in our City,"" said Tosha Baker,MayorWalsh's newly appointed Director of Food Initiatives. ""I would like to thankMayorWalshand all of the City's partners who were involved in bringing the launch of this project to fruition. I look forward to seeing the end results."" The developer for the historic renovation of the 1786 Fowler Clark Epstein Farm is Historic Boston Inc. (HBI), a 55-year-old nonprofit organization that preserves and redevelops historic buildings in Boston for new uses. HBI is partnering with three other nonprofit organizations on this more than $3 million project to turn one of Boston's oldest urban farms into a modern farm and urban agriculture training/education center The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute, and North Bennet Street School.Historic Boston Inc. as the developer of the property will be assembling and structuring all financing sources and managing the rehabilitation of the buildings. The Trust for Public Land will build the farm's planting beds and prepare the site for farming. The Urban Farming Institute will be the primary tenant and operator of the property and urban farming center after rehabilitation. Students and instructors from North Bennet Street School's Preservation Carpentry program will stabilize the historic barn and restore historic elements on both the barn and the house.Once the renovation is completed the farm will become headquarters and a demonstration farming center for the Urban Farming Institute, an organization devoted to advancing commercial urban farming in Boston through land development, technical training and education of urban farming professionals. The site will also host numerous programs for the public. The farm is located adjacent to the Fairmount MBTA Commuter Rail Line at Morton Street.Rehabilitation plans include land and open areas cultivated for local food classrooms for educational programs and a residence for an on-site farm manager in the historic house an education/training center that will promote urban farming knowledge with classrooms, a demonstration kitchen and offices in the 1860s carriage barn for both farmers in training and public programs about farming and food production a greenhouse to extend the New England growing season and a farm stand with fresh produce available to neighbors and the public."
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Public Library and its Board of Trustees, the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management Department, and the Jamaica Plain community, celebrated a groundbreaking for a major renovation project for the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library located at 12 Sedgwick Street. The renovations to the building, constructed in 1911, will provide more than a 20% increase in space for the community to read, browse the book collection, access computers, attend and host meetings, and participate in programming. ""Libraries are at the heart of every Boston neighborhood, and the Jamaica Plain community is passionate about their community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This investment in the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library will provide new opportunities for learning to children, teens, and adults, and serve as a meeting place for neighbors."" ""Investing in our neighborhood libraries, and expanding learning and opportunity to all corners of the City, is core to the Boston Public Library's mission,"" said John Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""Thank you to Mayor Walsh for making this commitment to the Jamaica Plain Branch, and I look forward to gathering here again for the ribbon cutting."" ""The JP community has been advocating for these renovations for many years. Thanks to a great collaboration between neighbors, City Hall, and the BPL, this project is moving forward, and the new features of the Jamaica Plain Branch will be truly reflective of the needs of this diverse community,"" said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. The $10 million renovation includes: a 700-square foot addition facing South Street that will serve as a community reading lounge a terrace along Sedgwick street where residents can read and mingle multiple meeting spaces improved and more flexible space for children, teens and adults and a refreshed collection of 30,000 books.  Technology improvements include 15 new desktop and 20 laptop computers, free WiFi, additional self-checkout stations, and a creative suite of software in the new digital maker-space. Other features include an elevator for full ADA accessibility to all levels, new and more efficient mechanical systems, parking for over 20 bikes, and new exterior landscaping. To determine priorities in the building redesign, the Boston Public Library, the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management team, and Utile, Inc. Architecture & Planning, the design firm for the project, collaborated closely with the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library and the community at-large. The general contractor for the project is Colantonio, Inc. The Jamaica Plain Branch of the BPL will be closed throughout the renovation and is anticipated to re-open in spring 2017. During the construction Jamaica Plain residents are encouraged to use the nearbyConnolly Branchof the BPL located at 433 Centre St, and theEgleston Square Branchof the BPL, located at 2044 Columbus Avenue. About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued the following statement regarding parking meter pricing in Boston: ""Yesterday I introduced an idea to look at implementing performancebased parking meter pricing in Boston, such as other cities in theUnited States have done to alleviate congested traffic patterns andmake parking more available. While San Francisco raised prices up to$7 an hour for their busiest areas, New York City has raised targetedmeters up to $3.50 and Seattle up to $4. As we told the Boston Herald yesterday, just because we are looking at an idea adopted by othercities does not mean that we are buying their pricing model. This is aplan for a pilot program that we have only just started to explore tosee if it works for Boston and $7 an hour has never been on thetable."" "
"Boston -Friday, September 25, 2015- Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Public Library and its Board of Trustees, the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management Department, and the Jamaica Plain community, celebrated a groundbreaking for a major renovation project for the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library located at 12 Sedgwick Street. The renovations to the building, constructed in 1911, will provide more than a 20% increase in space for the community to read, browse the book collection, access computers, attend and host meetings, and participate in programming. ""Libraries are at the heart of every Boston neighborhood, and the Jamaica Plain community is passionate about their community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This investment in the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library will provide new opportunities for learning to children, teens, and adults, and serve as a meeting place for neighbors."" ""Investing in our neighborhood libraries, and expanding learning and opportunity to all corners of the City, is core to the Boston Public Library's mission,"" said John Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""Thank you to Mayor Walsh for making this commitment to the Jamaica Plain Branch, and I look forward to gathering here again for the ribbon cutting."" ""The JP community has been advocating for these renovations for many years. Thanks to a great collaboration between neighbors, City Hall, and the BPL, this project is moving forward, and the new features of the Jamaica Plain Branch will be truly reflective of the needs of this diverse community,"" said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. The $10 million renovation includes: a 700-square foot addition facing South Street that will serve as a community reading lounge a terrace along Sedgwick street where residents can read and mingle multiple meeting spaces improved and more flexible space for children, teens and adults and a refreshed collection of 30,000 books.  Technology improvements include 15 new desktop and 20 laptop computers, free WiFi, additional self-checkout stations, and a creative suite of software in the new digital maker-space. Other features include an elevator for full ADA accessibility to all levels, new and more efficient mechanical systems, parking for over 20 bikes, and new exterior landscaping. To determine priorities in the building redesign, the Boston Public Library, the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management team, and Utile, Inc. Architecture & Planning, the design firm for the project, collaborated closely with the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library and the community at-large. The general contractor for the project is Colantonio, Inc.The Jamaica Plain Branch of the BPL will be closed throughout the renovation and is anticipated to re-open in spring 2017. During the construction Jamaica Plain residents are encouraged to use the nearbyConnolly Branchof the BPL located at 433 Centre St, and theEgleston Square Branchof the BPL, located at 2044 Columbus Avenue.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org. "
As the summer winds down, the flurry of Community Conversations around the City is also coming to the end. The City had been divided into 16 neighborhoods and each held its own series of discussions about the vibrancy and value of the arts in Boston. I was curious to hear what different neighborhoods had to say, so I listened in on the community conversations in four communities: Mission Hill/Fenway, Back Bay/Beacon Hill, Allston and Roslindale. Some common threads came through in every community conversation, such as the need for more art-making spaces, more affordable artist housing, and more music/recording studios. There were also neighborhood-specific suggestions: some seasoned artists from Roslindale remembered community art festivals in the 1970s the residents of Allston observed that, although they had many musicians and many porches, there was no PorchFest like that in Jamaica Plain.One of the most interesting and thoughtful conversations was held on a warm Saturday morning in the kitchen of artist Shaw Pong Liu in Jamaica Plain. Along with several young creative artists, Shaw Pong organized What Artists Knead, a five-day movable feast of ideas and camaraderie inspired by communal bread making. Each day, artists would gather to make bread in a different Boston kitchen. Some would measure yeast and flour to prepare tomorrows dough. Others would knead todays bread and set it to bake. Still others would set the sumptuous table of cheese, jams fruit and honey to accompany the fresh-baked bread.After we sat down and broke bread together, we discussed the role of the arts in Boston. While many of the same of artist issues were identified, it seemed that there were more collaborations offered, and more solutions suggested.Which got me thinking about the process. Working together to bake that bread, getting dough on our fingers, and sharing the bread together bridged a gap. When creative people get together to identify and solve problems, it makes sense that we think better, solve better, and collaborate better when were using our hands and doing what we do best  create.Lisa M. Wong, M.D., Pediatrician and Musician
"BOSTON -Thursday, September 24, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh todayaddressed the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, laying out how his Administration is strengthening the City's workforce, transportation system, and schools and creating a Boston that creates opportunity for all.""We're finding out that Boston, as a city, can aim higher than we ever thought before,"" said Mayor Walsh in his remarks this morning. ""I want us to seize this moment together. It's a time for drawing more deeply on our talent pool for thinking bigger ideas for making bolder plans. It's a time to start writing the next chapter in Boston's great history.""Mayor Walsh discussed several new and ongoing initiatives the City is focusing on to move Boston forward:Creating Opportunity for Young PeopleMayor Walsh will continue to prioritize the future of Boston's young people, as the key to the success of our City.The Mayor announced today for that the City broke its youth summer jobs goal, working with partners in the private sector and government to hire 10,360 young people - 173 more than last year. He called on employers to continue and build on this success.The Mayor is laying the groundwork to usher in a new era of public education. 380 pre-kindergarten seats have been added over the past two years, the school day has been extended, and Boston Public Schools (BPS) are better preparing Boston's students for college.The Mayor announced he is building on the success of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) by creating the BPS Experience Lab at BPS headquarters in Roxbury to bring the spirit of creativity to solving the challenges of urban education. MONUM has spearheaded innovative projects to improve city services including smart parking meters and the 311 phone application, as well as the Discover BPS website.And the Mayor called on businesses to join the City's commitment to public education by signing on to the Adopt-A-School program, to bring the program to new heights and create another national model in Boston.  Using Innovation to Create a Safe, Efficient Transportation SystemMayor Walsh reiterated his commitment to creating a transportation system that is reliable, safe and accessible. To ease traffic congestion, the City of Boston is welcoming a new class of Parking Traffic Enforcement Officers who will be charged with using data from Waze to enforce ""Block the Box,"" as well as double-parking at key locations.The City is also studying a plan to give parking meters flexible rates based on demand, a model proven to reduce search time for parking by 43 percent in San Francisco.And the Mayor will sign an executive order making ""Complete Streets"" the City's design process moving forward. Complete Streets is a nationally recognized approach for balancing public space among cars, transit, walkers and cyclists.Growing Good Jobs in BostonMayor Walsh today announced that LEGO Education North America will relocate its headquarters from Kansas to Boston in March 2016, bringing 75 jobs to Boston. This announcement builds on Mayor Walsh recently welcoming retailer Primark, healthcare innovator Iora and small business analyst Insight Squared. To better support small businesses, next month the City will roll-out a Small Business Plan and name the City's first Neighborhood Innovation District.Leveling the Playing Field for WomenThrough funding from the American Association of University Women, the Mayor announced today free salary workshops for women across the City. An official announcement will be made and more information will be available onMonday, September 28. The workshops build on this week's announcement of Women's Entrepreneurs Boston, a new program to help women start businesses in high growth spaces where they are currently underrepresented.The Mayor also called on employers to join the 100% Talent Compact, committing to closing the wage gap in their workplaces.Modernizing City's Permitting ProcessToday, Mayor Walsh announced the City will begin rolling out a new permitting platform in the month of October, advancing his commitment to make permitting in Boston easier, clearer and more predictable. The new site, developed over the past year, is based on a modern tech platform and will focus on supporting businesses and homeowners through the permitting process. This follow on a series of interim improvements the Mayor has rolled out over the past several months, which stemmed from the City's first HubHacks event in August 2014.New Leadership Committed to Moving Boston Forward:Mayor Walsh today introduced many of his Administration's new leaders to theChamber, a strong talent pool of public employees who have demonstrated a commitment to creating a stronger Boston. They include: "
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 23, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Patricia Lyons has been appointed Director of the Public Facilities Department for the City of Boston. Ms. Lyons, a Dorchester resident, has served the City for 29 years, and has held several senior management roles in the department she will now lead. ""Tricia brings years of experience to this position,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She is passionate about bettering municipal facilities throughout the city, and committed to creating a friendly, interactive atmosphere. I am confident that these traits will serve as positive contributions to our community."" ""I am honored and humbled by Mayor Walsh's appointment,"" said Ms. Lyons. ""I have had the privilege of working in the Public Facilities Department for nearly three decades with a group of professionals whose efforts I respect and admire. I am proud of what we have accomplished together and look forward to helping the Mayor deliver a capital program that provides our residents with high quality municipal facilities they expect and deserve."" The Public Facilities Department is the City's design and construction project management agency for municipal buildings in Boston. From libraries and community centers, to fire and police stations, the department's focus is on improving facilities to positively impact service delivery and quality of life for Boston residents. In her new position within the Public Facilities Department, Ms. Lyons will report to Mayor Walsh's Chief of Operations, Patrick Brophy, and will lead the Walsh Administration's efforts in several areas, including:Ms. Lyons, who has begun her work as director, received a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts Boston and a bachelor of science in finance from Providence College. She lives in Dorchester with her wife, Dottie, where both are active in several civic and neighborhood causes, including support forMassachusetts Fallen Heroes."
"IDEO, our design partner, is an award-winning, global design firm that works on an immeasurable range of projects world-wide, not just websites and physical objects but new product categories and whole new processes. Acquia is our technical partner. They are a local firm, with expertise in building scalable websites and related systems in Drupal. Drupal itself is open source and provides flexibility as the City of Bostons digital program grows and changes over time.With the help of IDEOs innovative design thinking approach, we are working alongside stakeholders inside City Hall and out in the community to learn more about our users: the residents of Boston.IDEOs founder is famous for saying ""Stop talking and start making."" We have begun. Our process is designed to have all three partners engaged in iterative creation and testing.The start of the design research and Agile development processes are the beginnings of a journey we cant yet see the destination but can imagine where our path might lead. Rather than a design phase followed by implementation, we will all travel together-- building and discovering as we go.The ways in which consume information digitally has changed dramatically since the City of Boston built its current website. Its no longer just an information hub, valuable as that is, but a place where we actually do things--pay our taxes, apply for permits, interact with city services. Our beta site will be built with this in mind -- it will be purpose-built to expand and change more easily and adapt over time.IDEO chooses an internal nickname for each project. It is fitting that they have chosen the name ""spyglass"" for this one. It is the right metaphor for us working together to build this boat while we sail it, looking through that spyglass together as we go."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 23, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced that a model partnership between Madison Park High School and YouthBuild Boston has been established and will be responsible for the rehabilitation of a formerly-blighted Dorchester property into a single family, 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath home in Dorchester.  ""Through innovative programs like our partnership with Madison Park High School and the New England Regional Council of Carpenters, we are not only building middle income housing in Dorchester, but we are also giving a new generation of students the tools they need for a bright future and good jobs,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""This project is the kind of opportunity these students need in order to turn their education into real, tangible opportunity. These students will learn the tools of the trade from union workers and can take the lessons they learn in the process and use them to gain a foothold in the field after graduation. It's creative partnerships like this that will continue to make our city's future strong."" The City of Boston's Public Facilities Commission has voted to grant Tentative Developer designation to YouthBuild Boston (YBB) and its partners, Dudley Economic Empowerment Partners (DEEP), to begin the renovation of 556 Park Street in Dorchester. This vote allows YouthBuild to begin working with the City to finalize the design and financial aspects of their plan. The property will be conveyed to the YouthBuild team after it has satisfied design and financial conditions.  Once the property is conveyed to YouthBuild, Madison Park High School students will be working alongside union carpenters from the New England Regional Council of Carpenters and other trades, who will be providing on-site instructional training services. The unique program will allow students to apply technical study and skills learned at Madison Park to the day-to-day activity at the job site. Currently YouthBuild and Madison Park are implementing a similar program at 14 -16 North Avenue in Roxbury the single-family home is nearly complete. The property at 556 Park Street is currently vacant and owned by the City through foreclosure. The Walsh administration's focus is to return City-owned property to its highest and best use, the property's tentative designation was accelerated so the property could be rehabilitated. The renovation will meet the City's standards for design and green building. The proposed homebuyer sales price will be set at $300,000, which is affordable to a household earning at or below 100 percent of Area Median Income. ""I look forward to these students gaining valuable experience and insights as they renovate this property into a home that a working class family can afford and be proud of"" Mayor Walsh said. DND issued a Request for Proposals for the property in May of 2015, after facilitating an inclusive community process. During this process, DND met with residents to ascertain the neighborhood's wishes for potential development at a site. YouthBuild was the preferred developer based on a review of applications against RFP Evaluation Criteria, and was invited to present their proposal to the community. More information about the proposal and community process for the project can be found by using the City'sCoUrbanizeplatform."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 22, 2015- Today, in honor ofNational Voter Registration Day, the City of Boston Elections Department and the Mayor's Civic EngagementCabinetwill be joined by Boston Public Schools in hosting a series of activitiesto ensure that the people of Boston have updated voter registration and are registered to vote.""It is important that residents exercise their right to vote,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We live in a democracy and that is what makes our country great. In Boston, many of our residents are engaged in this civic process, but we want them to take it a step further by helping a friend register or teaching a young person how critical it is to let their voices be heard."" With October 14th2015 being the last day to registerin the upcoming election, residents are encouraged to update their address orregister to votefor the November 3rdMunicipal Election.Those who do not wish to enroll in a political party or are looking to be ""Independent"" should select ""No Party Unenrolled.""""This partnership with the City's Election Department and the Office of Civic Engagement is a great opportunity to connect with our students and reinforce some of the lessons they have learned in school: that civic engagement and voter participation are rights that Americans have fought for and are essential to a thriving democracy,"" said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang. The City of Boston is participating in the following activities:Vote-A-PaloozaCity Hall Plaza 11:00AM  This event will be a free, non-partisan, festive and fun civic fair held on National Voter Registration Day to register voters and help publicize the recent changes in Massachusetts' election laws, especially the state's new online registration system. Vote-A-Palooza is part of a national effort involving volunteers, celebrities and organization from all over the country. This single day of coordinated field, technology and media efforts will create awareness of voter registration opportunities. Organizers include: League of Women Voters, MassVote and MASSPIRG students.City Hall to Go, Mayor's Department of Civic Engagement Engages Young People in VotingMadison Park High School 3:00PM  Mayor Walsh's City Hall to Go Truck will visit Madison Park High School at dismissal to inspire electoral participation among Boston's young people. Boston Public Schools and the Elections Department will share information about voter registration with students in their senior year. They will be joined by the Lady Liberty Mascot.Those who are not registered to vote can register at City Hall in the Election's Department. The Elections Commissioner and staff will be available to answer questions and address concerns regarding the voting process. For more information, contactwww.cityofboston.gov/elections."
"BOSTON - Monday, September 21, 2015 - Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees announced the release of a Request for Proposal (RFP) for an executive search firm to assist with the search for the next president of the Boston Public Library. The executive search firm will advertise, locate, recruit, interview and evaluate top candidates for the position.""The Boston Public Library is a dynamic and vital cultural institution, that touches every neighborhood and every resident of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The new president should be a strong leader who has deep appreciation for the library's unique collections, while advocating for technological innovation and new approaches to service delivery.""""The executive search firm will ensure that the broadest and most qualified pool of candidates is identified in the search for the next Boston Public Library president,"" said John T. Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees.The next president of the BPL will be expected to shape and build upon the BPL's strategic vision, the Compass Strategic Plan, the strengths of its Collections, its technological innovations, and services across the neighborhoods of Boston and to exert the leadership necessary to realize that vision.The presidency of the BPL requires strong leadership, focused both internally and externally, supporting affiliates' fundraising activities, active community building, collaboration with the school system and other city organizations involved in the mission of lifelong learning, as well as management and oversight of BPL operations.The president must have the capacity to create a cohesive community and address challenges of morale and a healthy workplace in what are times of great change and challenge for all institutions, including public libraries and the communities they serve.The selected executive search firm will work closely throughout the presidential search process with the Mayor's Office, the BPL Board of Trustees, the BPL Presidential Search Committee, and the community, to identify and select the next president of the BPL.The RFP is available at the Boston Public Library, Business Office, Room 332, 700 Boylston St. Interested firms should contact Carl Lehto at clehto@bpl.org for more information. Responses to the RFP are due no later than Friday October 9, 2015 at 1:00 PM.About the Boston Public LibraryBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, the BPL website."
"BOSTON -Monday, September 21, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS), a new City of Boston initiative that will advance Boston's women entrepreneurs by providing the skills, technical assistance and network women need to launch and grow their business.""We know that women led businesses continue to face challenges including limited funding, challenges in scaling, and finding mentors and networks to support them as they grow,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to kick-off WE BOS to better address these challenges and promote economic equity in Boston.""Kara Miller, a South Boston resident, will be managing the new initiative. Kara has spent the last two years building the Women on Main program and will expand its work through WE BOS.In partnership with the Mayor's office of Women's Advancement and Office of Business Development, WE BOS will support all women entrepreneurs, including startups, home-based businesses and the established brick-and-mortar mainstays of Boston's neighborhoods, with the goal to increase the number of well-established women entrepreneurs in the City of Boston and to strengthen and grow Boston's existing women-owned businesses.To begin its work in these areas, fromOctober 12-16, WE BOS will bring together leaders in Boston's entrepreneurial ecosystem to launch Boston's first-ever Women Entrepreneurs Week. During this week, Boston's women entrepreneurs will have the opportunity to attend events throughout the City featuring high-profile speakers, skill-building workshops, round-table discussions, and networking opportunities to help women entrepreneurs build their networks and learn new skills to build and scale their businesses. Women make up more than half of Boston's residents, yet only 1 dollar of every 23 dollars in conventional bank loans and less than 3 percent of venture capital funding is allocated to women-owned businesses.""I am thrilled to expand our reach to women owned businesses through WE BOS."" said Kara Miller, WE BOS program manager. ""I am proud to live and work in a city that understands how important women entrepreneurs are to our economic ecosystem.""""Launching WE BOS is critical to the Mayor's commitment and vision for the women of Boston. Mayor Walsh understands that this is not only the right thing to do, but it's also important to the vitality and economy of our city as a whole."" Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. ""We are excited to partner with skilled women who are shaping the course of our city.""The largest event of WE BOS week will be the Women Entrepreneurs Evening, hosted by Innovation Women, onWednesday, October 14thfrom6:00 - 8:30 pmat District Hall. At this expo, attendees will have the opportunity to meet representatives from Boston's top organizations that support women entrepreneurs. The night will also include Mass Innovation Night's second annual Women Founders night."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the Re-Event the Plaza initiative, an open call for events to be run on City Hall Plaza free of charge.As part of a larger effort toenhance and activate City Hall Plaza both in the long and short term, Re-Event intends to inspire creative use of the plaza through programmed events.""Ithank all the respondents for their great ideas as to how we can activate City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We were thrilled to see so much excitement around creative usage of the plaza. These events will be great opportunities for residents and visitors to engage with the plaza in new and exciting ways.""A committee of City Hall staff reviewed all 21 submissions, and selected four of the submissions as the winners.Guidelines for the event suggested that it should be free and open to the public, implementable within the next six months, have an intended number of attendees and have the ability to be replicated in the future.  The following events will be taking place this fall:Earlier this week, Mayor Walsh announced the release of a Request for Proposals calling for a partner to work with the City of Boston to make the plaza both a civic space and an attractive destination for residents and visitors. To learn more, clickhere."
"BOSTON -Saturday, September 19, 2015-Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the Re-Event the Plaza initiative, an open call for events to be run on City Hall Plaza free of charge.As part of a larger effort toenhance and activate City Hall Plaza both in the long and short term, Re-Event intends to inspire creative use of the plaza through programmed events.""Ithank all the respondents for their great ideas as to how we can activate City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We were thrilled to see so much excitement around creative usage of the plaza. These events will be great opportunities for residents and visitors to engage with the plaza in new and exciting ways.""A committee of City Hall staff reviewed all 21 submissions, and selected four of the submissions as the winners.Guidelines for the event suggested that it should be free and open to the public, implementable within the next six months, have an intended number of attendees and have the ability to be replicated in the future.  The following events will be taking place this fall:Earlier this week, Mayor Walsh announced the release of a Request for Proposals calling for a partner to work with the City of Boston to make the plaza both a civic space and an attractive destination for residents and visitors. To learn more, clickhere."
"This service falls within National Recovery Month, proclaimed by President Barack Obama, and highlights that every day, resilient Americans with substance use disorders summon extraordinary courage and strength and commit to living healthy and productive lives through recovery. ""It's important that we face this epidemic as a community, and our faith leaders play an integral role in helping our neighborhoods stay strong,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased to have so many leaders join me in reminding the city that as our friends, families and neighbors struggle through addiction, we all must have hope that recovery is on the horizon."" The Mayor will be joined by Boston-based leaders of various faiths.  The service will be held from7PM - 8PMin City Hall on the 3rd Floor Mezzanine. All are welcome to attend and should enter the building through the Congress Street entrance. The event will be handicap accessible.  Earlier this week, the Mayor announced a series of events celebrating September as National Recovery Month. A major part of National Recovery Month will be the 10th Annual National Prescription DrugTake-Back Day (""Take-Back Day"") to be held onSaturday, September 26from10AM to 2PMat Boston Medical Center (BMC). Take-Back Day is a national initiative aimed at encouraging the public to dispose of expired, unused or unwantedprescription drugsthat are prone to abuse and theft. During this time, residents can drop unwantedprescriptiondrugsat sites sponsored by local law enforcement and theDrugEnforcement Administration (DEA). Understanding the unique needs that those in recovery face, earlier this year Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the Office of Recovery Services. The Office, which is under the oversight of the Boston Public Health Commission, is working to improve existing addiction and recovery services, advocate for treatment options, and help those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources in order to create a continuum of high quality treatment and recovery services. Other events during National Recovery Month include:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced six citywide community meetings for parents, educators and students to discuss creating aunifiedenrollmentsystem for district and charter schools in Boston. First announcedon Thursdayduring a meeting with more than 125 district, charter and Catholic principals, the goal ofunifiedenrollmentis to ensure that all students in Boston have access to the best schools that fit their individual needs. ""The separate application processes for district and charter schools can place an unnecessary burden on families, leading to confusion, limited options and lack of individual needs being met,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Families need a clear and simple path to schoolenrollmentand aunifiedenrollmentsystem will level the playing field for all Boston's families. We look forward to hearing any ideas, thoughts and concerns from the community on how aunifiedsystem might work in Boston and increasing success for all of Boston's schools and students.""""Theunifiedenrollmentproposal has a great deal of merit,"" said Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey. ""In addition to making school choice easier for families, we have the opportunity to deepen collaboration and create more mutual accountability for student success across all of our schools. We're at the beginning of exploring this idea. There is a great deal of public dialogue needed to produce a plan that will work for families and schools."" ""We are excited to begin the citywide community conversation about how we can build on the collaboration between district, charter and Catholic schools,"" said Rachel Weinstein, chief collaboration officer for The Boston Compact. ""These citywide meetings will give us an opportunity to ensure anyunifiedenrollmentplan works effectively for all Boston families."" Currently, parents are responsible for navigating the various application systems involved with district and charter schools. Aunifiedenrollmentsystem would allow for one application, one deadline and one process for both district and charter schools. The first citywide meeting will be heldon Thursday, October 8th and all are encouraged to attend.The full meeting schedule is as follows:Any plan to implementunifiedenrollmentin Boston would require a vote by the Boston School Committee and individual charter schools, and action by the Massachusetts Legislature. The Boston Compact was created in 2011 to foster collaboration between district, charter and Catholic schools. Separate from this process, the Boston Compact is working to renew its compact this fall to build on the collaboration happening throughout the city."
"BOSTON -Friday, September 18, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced six citywide community meetings for parents, educators and students to discuss creating aunifiedenrollmentsystem for district and charter schools in Boston. First announcedon Thursdayduring a meeting with more than 125 district, charter and Catholic principals, the goal ofunifiedenrollmentis to ensure that all students in Boston have access to the best schools that fit their individual needs. ""The separate application processes for district and charter schools can place an unnecessary burden on families, leading to confusion, limited options and lack of individual needs being met,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Families need a clear and simple path to schoolenrollmentand aunifiedenrollmentsystem will level the playing field for all Boston's families. We look forward to hearing any ideas, thoughts and concerns from the community on how aunifiedsystem might work in Boston and increasing success for all of Boston's schools and students.""""Theunifiedenrollmentproposal has a great deal of merit,"" said Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey. ""In addition to making school choice easier for families, we have the opportunity to deepen collaboration and create more mutual accountability for student success across all of our schools. We're at the beginning of exploring this idea. There is a great deal of public dialogue needed to produce a plan that will work for families and schools."" ""We are excited to begin the citywide community conversation about how we can build on the collaboration between district, charter and Catholic schools,"" said Rachel Weinstein, chief collaboration officer for The Boston Compact. ""These citywide meetings will give us an opportunity to ensure anyunifiedenrollmentplan works effectively for all Boston families."" Currently, parents are responsible for navigating the various application systems involved with district and charter schools. Aunifiedenrollmentsystem would allow for one application, one deadline and one process for both district and charter schools. The first citywide meeting will be heldon Thursday, October 8th and all are encouraged to attend.The full meeting schedule is as follows:Any plan to implementunifiedenrollmentin Boston would require a vote by the Boston School Committee and individual charter schools, and action by the Massachusetts Legislature. The Boston Compact was created in 2011 to foster collaboration between district, charter and Catholic schools. Separate from this process, the Boston Compact is working to renew its compact this fall to build on the collaboration happening throughout the city."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced additional protections for workers employed by businesses that have been issued afoodand/orliquorlicense.Building on the Wage Theft Executive Order the Mayor signed in October 2014, the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development has worked closely with the Boston Licensing Board and beginning this week, all new and renewingfoodorliquorlicensees will be required to complete a CM Form 16, which licensees must sign, under the penalties of perjury, that they will comply of said order.""It's illegal to deny fairly earned wages, and we must do more to protect our workers from this practice,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By working with the Licensing Board, we are creating another tool to hold employers accountable and empower workers.""Instances of wage theft among licensees will be reported to the Office of Workforce Development and referred to the Boston Licensing Board. The Boston Licensing Board will determine if the complaint warrants a hearing and any disciplinary action.""We are thrilled that Mayor Walsh is taking bold action to ensure workers are guaranteed an honest day's pay for an honest day's work,"" saidDarlene Lombos,Executive Director of Community Labor United.""We join him in sending a message to those unscrupulous employers who cheat workers that they can no longer undercut responsible businesses that play by the rules.""On October 23, 2014, Mayor Walsh signed an executive order establishing disclosure and payroll certification requirements for vendors contracting business with the City of Boston. The purpose of this directive was to combatwagetheft, the unlawful nonpayment ofwagesin accordance with state and federalwageand hour laws. The executive order also provides that those vendors with prior violations may be required to post awagebond in the amount equal to the sum of one year's grosswages for all employees. The executive order became effective on January 1, 2015. In recent years,wagethefthas had an increasingly detrimental impact on local, state, and national economies. The results of recentwagetheftinvestigations have been alarming:"
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans in announcing the reinstatement of the Boston Police Cadet Program,a training program for Boston's youth seeking a career in law enforcement.""Recruiting and cultivating diverse talent to the Police Department is a top priority of my Administration,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our Diversity report served as a blueprint for where we are in city government when it comes to race and diversity of our workforce.When we worked with the City Council to include funding in this year's budget to bring back thecadetprogram, I knew it was the kind of investment that was needed to build our community up, and create pipelines to success for all of Boston's young aspiring officers.""The Boston Police Department is seeking applicants for the upcoming policecadetexam to be held onSaturday, November 14, 2015at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center. The deadline to apply for the upcoming examination isNovember 1, 2015. Those who are interested should visit:cityofboston.gov/jobsor call617-343-4677.""TheCadetprogram provides a great opportunity for city youth to join the Boston Police Department,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""I am very grateful to the Mayor for bringing this invaluable program back and encourage those eligible, to sign up and join the first and finest police department in the nation.""To be eligiblecandidatesmust be between the ages of 18-24, be a current resident of Boston, and have maintained Boston residency for the last 5 years, be a United States citizen, have a valid Massachusetts driver's license and take and pass theNovember 14thexam. We encourage all highly motivated young men and women who meet the above requirements to apply.TheCadetprogram is a minimum of a two-year commitment.Cadetsrotate throughout the Department in various assignments and shifts, including Headquarters, District Stations, and other specialized units throughout the City. Primary responsibilities include: routine clerical and administrative duties, answering phones, data entry, traffic duty, utilizing Department vehicles, barrier work, and related duties as required.In April 2015, Mayor Walsh released the City's first-everWorkforce Report, examining diversity throughout municipal government. Thecadetprogram was identified as one of the many solutions to boost diversity in the workforce.If selected for appointment, candidates must pass an extensive screening process including: drug testing, a pre-employment physical, an extensive criminal background check, and a rigorous 8 weekcadettraining program (both academic and physical in nature) at the Boston Police Academy."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released a report that explores the possibility of building on the successes and lessons learned from the Seaport InnovationDistrictand creating moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistrictsin Boston to empower the city's entrepreneurial talent. The report was created by the Neighborhood InnovationDistrictCommittee, a group of community members, entrepreneurs, thought-leaders and public servants who were appointed by the Mayor to hold public meetings and discuss the benefits and challenges found in the creation of moreNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts.  ""As we work to create sustainable opportunities throughout the City of Boston, we have identified the creation of additional Neighborhood Innovation Districts as a promising strategy to empower and encourage the entrepreneurial talent that already exists in ourneighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Committee for their hard work in assembling this set of recommendations and I look forward to turning their thoughtful plans into action so we can continue to spread the entrepreneurial spirit throughout the city.""NeighborhoodInnovationDistrictswill be designed to provide widespread employment opportunities, encourageneighborhoodresidents to create innovations that support existing business and start-ups, as well as provide information, connections and physical locations for innovators and entrepreneurs.Initiated as the direct result of community input during Mayor Walsh's Transition process, the Committee was formed over the summer of 2014 and was co-chaired by John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston and Edward Glaeser, a Professor of Economics at Harvard University and former director of the Rappaport Institute of Greater Boston.""Boston's growth needs to be fueled by the continued growth of all of ourneighborhoods,"" said Chief Barros. ""Creating more ways for our local businesses and entrepreneurs to use the innovation economy and new technology in order to add more jobs and opportunities is exciting. Our newneighborhoodinnovation strategy expands access to all Bostonians and builds on the promise of the people who live and invest in ourneighborhoodseveryday."" ""Mayor Walsh has always said that innovation belongs in every neighborhood, and we are so excited about having innovation districts coming to our Main Streets districts,""said Sheila A Dillon, Chief of Housing and Director of the Department of Neighborhood Development. ""It's initiatives like this that are making Boston a premier city for entrepreneurs and small businesses owners. The Neighborhood Innovation District will helpcreate new jobs, support existing business owners and well-established businesses, andencourage new investment in our neighborhoods.  Through the work of its four subcommittees, the Committee assembled a comprehensive list of recommendations for designing aneighborhoodinnovationdistrict. The lead recommendations include:With the goal in mind of replicating successful efforts throughout the City of Boston, the report is split into two primary sections. The first addresses recommendations that can be applied to allneighborhoodsand the second discusses recommendations specific for the Dudley Square-Upham's Corner Corridor, which would serve as a pilot to test the viability of a series ofNeighborhoodInnovationDistricts. This area was identified due to its economic vitality and the opportunity to use the infrastructure already established to create a hub of innovation and entrepreneurship.""The Dudley Square-Upham's CornerDistrictis particularly attractive because it is a great public transportation hub,"" said Professor Glaeser. ""It has strong educational institutions nearby and a population that is filled with energy and imagination. TheDistrictis one of the Boston's many greatneighborhoodsand we believe that it can be even greater with theneighborhoodinnovationdistrict.""To read the full report, please clickhere."
"BOSTON -Thursday, September 17, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced additional protections for workers employed by businesses that have been issued afoodand/orliquorlicense.Building on the Wage Theft Executive Order the Mayor signed in October 2014, the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development has worked closely with the Boston Licensing Board and beginning this week, all new and renewingfoodorliquorlicensees will be required to complete a CM Form 16, which licensees must sign, under the penalties of perjury, that they will comply of said order.""It's illegal to deny fairly earned wages, and we must do more to protect our workers from this practice,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By working with the Licensing Board, we are creating another tool to hold employers accountable and empower workers.""Instances of wage theft among licensees will be reported to the Office of Workforce Development and referred to the Boston Licensing Board. The Boston Licensing Board will determine if the complaint warrants a hearing and any disciplinary action.""We are thrilled that Mayor Walsh is taking bold action to ensure workers are guaranteed an honest day's pay for an honest day's work,"" saidDarlene Lombos,Executive Director of Community Labor United.""We join him in sending a message to those unscrupulous employers who cheat workers that they can no longer undercut responsible businesses that play by the rules.""On October 23, 2014, Mayor Walsh signed an executive order establishing disclosure and payroll certification requirements for vendors contracting business with the City of Boston. The purpose of this directive was to combatwagetheft, the unlawful nonpayment ofwagesin accordance with state and federalwageand hour laws. The executive order also provides that those vendors with prior violations may be required to post awagebond in the amount equal to the sum of one year's grosswages for all employees. The executive order became effective on January 1, 2015. In recent years,wagethefthas had an increasingly detrimental impact on local, state, and national economies. The results of recentwagetheftinvestigations have been alarming:"
"BOSTON -Thursday, September 17, 2015- Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans in announcing the reinstatement of the Boston Police Cadet Program,a training program for Boston's youth seeking a career in law enforcement.""Recruiting and cultivating diverse talent to the Police Department is a top priority of my Administration,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our Diversity report served as a blueprint for where we are in city government when it comes to race and diversity of our workforce.When we worked with the City Council to include funding in this year's budget to bring back thecadetprogram, I knew it was the kind of investment that was needed to build our community up, and create pipelines to success for all of Boston's young aspiring officers.""The Boston Police Department is seeking applicants for the upcoming policecadetexam to be held onSaturday, November 14, 2015at the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center. The deadline to apply for the upcoming examination isNovember 1, 2015. Those who are interested should visit:cityofboston.gov/jobsor call617-343-4677.""TheCadetprogram provides a great opportunity for city youth to join the Boston Police Department,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""I am very grateful to the Mayor for bringing this invaluable program back and encourage those eligible, to sign up and join the first and finest police department in the nation.""To be eligiblecandidatesmust be between the ages of 18-24, be a current resident of Boston, and have maintained Boston residency for the last 5 years, be a United States citizen, have a valid Massachusetts driver's license and take and pass theNovember 14thexam. We encourage all highly motivated young men and women who meet the above requirements to apply.TheCadetprogram is a minimum of a two-year commitment.Cadetsrotate throughout the Department in various assignments and shifts, including Headquarters, District Stations, and other specialized units throughout the City. Primary responsibilities include: routine clerical and administrative duties, answering phones, data entry, traffic duty, utilizing Department vehicles, barrier work, and related duties as required.In April 2015, Mayor Walsh released the City's first-everWorkforce Report, examining diversity throughout municipal government. Thecadetprogram was identified as one of the many solutions to boost diversity in the workforce.If selected for appointment, candidates must pass an extensive screening process including: drug testing, a pre-employment physical, an extensive criminal background check, and a rigorous 8 weekcadettraining program (both academic and physical in nature) at the Boston Police Academy."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announcedthe appointment ofErin Santhouse as Manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative, which aims to connect Boston's young adults with city resources and neighborhood networks.""I am thrilled to announce that Erin will be the new manager of ONEin3,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has been an incredible asset to the team since day one and her passion for improving the lives of people throughout the City makes her the best fit for the job. Boston is known for having the best and the brightest talent, and in this new role Erin will help us engage young adults to join us in moving the City forward.""As manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative, Santhouse is responsible for all programmatic elements of ONEin3, including management of the ONEin3 Council. The Mayor's ONEin3 Council is an action-oriented group tasked with brainstorming, creating and fulfilling projects that directly impact the lives of Boston's 20-34 year-olds. Projects include work on housing policy, professional development, economic development and civic and neighborhood engagement. The 2015 ONEin3 Council is a diverse body comprised of 37 Boston residents, who live in 20 different neighborhoods across Boston. Santhouse will also engage young people outside of the Council and work to encourage college students to become involved with the City and stay in Boston after graduation.""The City of Boston has such a talented young population and I am excited to take the lead on engaging them in the Mayor's initiatives, specifically the citywide planning process, Imagine Boston 2030,"" said Santhouse. ""As ONEin3 manager, I look forward to getting young adults actively involved in helping to shape the future of our city.""Santhouse formerly served asa member of Mayor Walsh's office,where she was responsible for vetting all incoming scheduling requests and helping create a strategic schedule for the Mayor reflective of his priorities and overall vision for improving the City of Boston.Santhouse received her B.S. in political science from Northeastern University in 2013 and is currently pursuing her MPA from Suffolk University, with an anticipated graduation in May 2018. She resides in Savin Hill where she enjoys exploring new restaurants and taking advantage of Boston's walkability.ABOUT ONEIN3With more than one-third of our population between the ages of 20-34, Boston is home to the highest proportion of young adults out of any major city in America. In an effort to capture the talent, ONEin3 was established in 2004 to connect Boston's young adult population with resources related to housing, professional development, financial health, entrepreneurship and civic engagement. The program also works to connect college students to resources that increase post-graduation retention. The Council is appointed by the Mayor and meets on a monthly basis to work on projects aimed at enhancing the City for the young adult demographic."
"The Compact unites cities with a common goal to driveclimateaction, building on Boston's continued commitment through its existingClimateAction Plan.""Cities play a critical role in the fight againstclimatechange, and collaboration is key,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud we are able to build on our Administration's work to addressclimatechange and to have Boston join other leading cities in spearheading those efforts.""Launched at the2014 United NationsClimateSummit, the Compact of Mayors is the world's largest coalition of city leaders addressingclimatechange by pledging to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, tracking their progress and preparing for the impacts ofclimatechange.""The Green Ribbon Commission applauds Mayor Walsh's decision to join the Compact of Mayors,""said Amos Hostetter, who Co-Chairs the Boston Green Ribbon Commission with Mayor Walsh.""For cities that are committed to and already showing leadership onclimate, the Compact offers a powerful platform to share what's working, to learn from others, and to advance solutions toclimatechange.""Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space, Austin Blackmon is currently representing Mayor Walsh today at the first U.S.-ChinaClimateLeaders Summit in Los Angeles. The Summit is the first official convening of U.S. and Chinese leaders to share best practices, discuss objectives, and work together in theirclimateand sustainability goals.""On the frontlines of globalclimatechange, cities are well-positioned to play a leadership role in driving global action to addressclimatechange,"" said Chief Blackmon. ""The City of Boston is eager to continue to lead in those efforts.The Summit achieves a key element of the U.S.-China Joint Announcement onClimateChange by Presidents Obama and Xi last November and is an important milestone in the run up to the United NationsClimateChange Conference in Paris in December.In January, Mayor Martin J. Walsh released the Greenovate Boston 2014ClimateAction Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts ofclimatechange and celebrating the City's progress towards reducing GHG emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare forclimatechange, theClimateAction Plan gives the Boston community a framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city.About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fightingclimatechange in support of the City'sClimate Action Plan. Visithttp://www.greenribboncommission.orgfor more details. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the expansion of Wicked Free Wi-Fi, the City of Boston's free public Wi-Fi network. Wireless internet service is now available in portions of the Main Streets Districts in Roslindale, Dudley Square and Hyde Park. ""Our Main Streets Districts are the economic engines of our neighborhoods, and free Wi-Fi service provides a valuable amenity and helps all residents stay connected,"" said Mayor Walsh.Wicked Free Wi-Fi offers free, basic connectivity in outdoor areas of Boston. ""We are committed to ensuring that every resident and business has access to affordable, high-speed internet,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""Free public Wi-Fi is one of the ways we can help Boston stay connected.""Wicked Free Wi-Fi places access points on municipal buildings such as police stations, fire stations and libraries. Additional access points located on street lights expand coverage. This latest expansion adds 37 hotspots and increases the number of Main Streets Districts with Wicked Free Wi-Fi service to four.A map of new and existing access points and additional information about the program can be foundhere. About Boston Main StreetsDeveloped out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city.Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. Look for this logo:         Wicked Free Public Wi-Fi Metrics for August 2015:"
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announcedthe appointment ofErin Santhouse as Manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 Initiative, which aims to connect Boston's young adults with city resources and neighborhood networks.""I am thrilled to announce that Erin will be the new manager of ONEin3,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has been an incredible asset to the team since day one and her passion for improving the lives of people throughout the City makes her the best fit for the job. Boston is known for having the best and the brightest talent, and in this new role Erin will help us engage young adults to join us in moving the City forward.""As manager of the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative, Santhouse is responsible for all programmatic elements of ONEin3, including management of the ONEin3 Council. The Mayor's ONEin3 Council is an action-oriented group tasked with brainstorming, creating and fulfilling projects that directly impact the lives of Boston's 20-34 year-olds. Projects include work on housing policy, professional development, economic development and civic and neighborhood engagement. The 2015 ONEin3 Council is a diverse body comprised of 37 Boston residents, who live in 20 different neighborhoods across Boston. Santhouse will also engage young people outside of the Council and work to encourage college students to become involved with the City and stay in Boston after graduation.""The City of Boston has such a talented young population and I am excited to take the lead on engaging them in the Mayor's initiatives, specifically the citywide planning process, Imagine Boston 2030,"" said Santhouse. ""As ONEin3 manager, I look forward to getting young adults actively involved in helping to shape the future of our city.""Santhouse formerly served asa member of Mayor Walsh's office,where she was responsible for vetting all incoming scheduling requests and helping create a strategic schedule for the Mayor reflective of his priorities and overall vision for improving the City of Boston.Santhouse received her B.S. in political science from Northeastern University in 2013 and is currently pursuing her MPA from Suffolk University, with an anticipated graduation in May 2018. She resides in Savin Hill where she enjoys exploring new restaurants and taking advantage of Boston's walkability.ABOUT ONEIN3With more than one-third of our population between the ages of 20-34, Boston is home to the highest proportion of young adults out of any major city in America. In an effort to capture the talent, ONEin3 was established in 2004 to connect Boston's young adult population with resources related to housing, professional development, financial health, entrepreneurship and civic engagement. The program also works to connect college students to resources that increase post-graduation retention. The Council is appointed by the Mayor and meets on a monthly basis to work on projects aimed at enhancing the City for the young adult demographic."
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined theCompact of Mayors, fortifying Boston's commitment toclimateaction and the reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions on a global scale. The Compact unites cities with a common goal to driveclimateaction, building on Boston's continued commitment through its existingClimateAction Plan.""Cities play a critical role in the fight againstclimatechange, and collaboration is key,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud we are able to build on our Administration's work to addressclimatechange and to have Boston join other leading cities in spearheading those efforts.""Launched at the2014 United NationsClimateSummit, the Compact of Mayors is the world's largest coalition of city leaders addressingclimatechange by pledging to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, tracking their progress and preparing for the impacts ofclimatechange.""The Green Ribbon Commission applauds Mayor Walsh's decision to join the Compact of Mayors,""said Amos Hostetter, who Co-Chairs the Boston Green Ribbon Commission with Mayor Walsh.""For cities that are committed to and already showing leadership onclimate, the Compact offers a powerful platform to share what's working, to learn from others, and to advance solutions toclimatechange.""Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space, Austin Blackmon is currently representing Mayor Walsh today at the first U.S.-ChinaClimateLeaders Summit in Los Angeles. The Summit is the first official convening of U.S. and Chinese leaders to share best practices, discuss objectives, and work together in theirclimateand sustainability goals.""On the frontlines of globalclimatechange, cities are well-positioned to play a leadership role in driving global action to addressclimatechange,"" said Chief Blackmon. ""The City of Boston is eager to continue to lead in those efforts.The Summit achieves a key element of the U.S.-China Joint Announcement onClimateChange by Presidents Obama and Xi last November and is an important milestone in the run up to the United NationsClimateChange Conference in Paris in December.In January, Mayor Martin J. Walsh released the Greenovate Boston 2014ClimateAction Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts ofclimatechange and celebrating the City's progress towards reducing GHG emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare forclimatechange, theClimateAction Plan gives the Boston community a framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city.Visit the Greenovate website.About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fightingclimatechange in support of the City'sClimate Action Plan. Visit the Green Ribbon website. "
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the expansion of Wicked Free Wi-Fi, the City of Boston's free public Wi-Fi network. Wireless internet service is now available in portions of the Main Streets Districts in Roslindale, Dudley Square and Hyde Park. ""Our Main Streets Districts are the economic engines of our neighborhoods, and free Wi-Fi service provides a valuable amenity and helps all residents stay connected,"" said Mayor Walsh.Wicked Free Wi-Fi offers free, basic connectivity in outdoor areas of Boston. ""We are committed to ensuring that every resident and business has access to affordable, high-speed internet,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""Free public Wi-Fi is one of the ways we can help Boston stay connected.""Wicked Free Wi-Fi places access points on municipal buildings such as police stations, fire stations and libraries. Additional access points located on street lights expand coverage. This latest expansion adds 37 hotspots and increases the number of Main Streets Districts with Wicked Free Wi-Fi service to four.A map of new and existing access points and additional information about the program can be foundhere. About Boston Main StreetsDeveloped out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city.Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. Wicked Free Public Wi-Fi Metrics for August 2015:"
"The cook-off will take place thisThursday, September 17 at 11:00 a.m.on City Hall Plaza.""Emergencies are often unexpected and it is our top priority to ensure the safety of all Boston residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now is the time for residents to evaluate how prepared they are for a disaster - it can be as simple as gathering batteries and flashlights or identifying a family-meeting location.""Mayor Walsh will kick-off the cook-off, which focuses on creative recipes using items a resident could have in their pantry in the event of an emergency. Often, residents prepare to leave their home in the event of an emergency, however, as experienced this past winter, residents may be shelter-in-place for days on end. He will be joined by the Director of the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management, Rene Fielding, Chief Resilience Officer, Atyia Martin, Boston Emergency Medical Services Chief James Hooley, Boston Police Deputy Superintendent, Nora Baston, and Boston Fire Commissioner, Joseph Finn. Boston Parks Commissioner Christopher Cook will emcee the event.The Mayor's Office of Emergency Management encourages Boston residents to follow these steps to prepare for an emergency:Your family might not be together if a disaster strikes, so it is important to plan ahead of time and plan for the following:An emergency supply kit should provide a collection of basic items that household members would need in the event of a disaster. This kit can be used if you had to leave your home during an emergency or in your home if there is an extended power outage. During an emergency there probably will not be time to shop so having this kit ready before a disaster occurs is very important.Below is a list of recommended to have in your emergency supply kit:Reliable and accurate information is essential before, during and after an emergency. Please connect to the following resources:"
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that John Palfrey, head of school at Phillips Academy, Andover, will serve as Chair of the Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee. Palfrey is a scholar of new media and learning, and in 2015 authoredBiblioTech:Why Libraries Matter More Than Ever in the Age of Google. Palfrey will work in the coming weeks to identify a broad and diverse group of individuals to serve with him on the BPL Presidential Search Committee. In addition, the City will be releasing an RFP in mid-September to identify a search firm to assist in the presidential search process.""The Boston Public Library is a highly esteemed institution that provides access to knowledge and opportunity,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I have full confidence in John's abilities to lead the Presidential Search Committee, and identify a strong and innovative leader for the Boston Public Library.""""John is held in high regard in his industry, and has inspiring ideas about the importance of libraries in the digital age,"" said John Hailer, Interim Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. ""I'm thrilled he is taking a leadership role in our search for the next president of the Boston Public Library.""""I am honored to take on this role, and to work with the Committee in identifying and delivering the best candidate for the job to the people of Boston of and Massachusetts,"" said Palfrey. ""The Boston Public Library is one of the world's most important cultural institutions. It's critical we find a candidate who brings a forward looking vision to the library that is grounded in respect for this crucial institution.""Palfrey has served in many library capacities. He was the foundingPresident of the Board of Directors of theDigital Public Library of America, housed at the Boston Public Library, and providing access for free to America's digitized libraries, archives, and museums. He has alsoserved as the Henry N. Ess III Professor of Law and Vice Dean for Library and Information Resources atHarvard Law School,leading a 100-person library. In addition, he served on the Harvard University Library Board, with responsibility for overseeing Harvard's integrated library system. He also chairs the board of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, a major national funder devoted to informing and engaging communities, including through libraries.From 2002-2008 Palfrey served as the executive director of theBerkman Center for Internet & Society, and has continued on as a faculty director since then. Prior to that he was at the law firmRopes & Gray, where he worked on intellectual property, Internet law, and private equity transactions and served for three years at the United States Environmental Protection Agency. About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling for a partner to work with the City of Boston to enhance City Hall Plaza. The ideal respondent will have an experienced team that is representative of the people of Boston, and a compelling vision for how to make the plaza both a civic space and attractive destination for residents and tourists.""The Plaza is the front yard for Boston's City Hall, and it has enormous potential to be an engaging and activated civic space,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We're looking for a partner with an innovative plan to unlock this potential and transform the plaza into a must-see destination for residents and visitors alike. Together, we want to reimagine the plaza as a thriving, healthy and innovative civic space.""Working with the City, the partner will have the opportunity to add new programming elements to complement existing activities on the plaza, and add new temporary amenities over a three-year contract period. Drawing on experience spearheading similar projects, the ideal team will propose a detailed and feasible implementation plan. The RFP is deliberately open-ended in an effort to inspire creativity and diversity among respondents.The effort to improve City Hall Plaza by calling for a plaza partner is one of three interrelated proposals that the City is considering. All share the same goal of making the Plaza a more welcoming and vibrant space for residents and guests.The Mayor's Chief of Operations will lead and coordinate each process and all proposed activities through the appropriate city departments.The chosen plaza partner will organize events and activities and will be an active partner in helping the City of Boston define in greater detail the scope needed for a campus plan, which was the subject of a separate Request for Qualifications (RFQ) to craft a master plan for City Hall, City Hall Plaza and 26 Court Street. The campus plan RFQ was issued onJune 8, 2015,and the city is in the process of negotiating a contract with a vendor.The third RFP will explore the possibility of engaging a partner to operate a civic/cultural entity in City Hall, whose presence would complement the cultural and historic institutions in the area. The release date for this RFP is to be determined.The seven-acre City Hall Plaza, of which 200,000 square feet is currently programmable is located at the heart of downtown Boston.More information about the plaza partner RFP is availablehere. Responses will be due no later than4:00 p.m. on October 26, 2015."
In the program, artists, community members, and City employees work on projects that help reframe social conversations. These artists explore the ways they can use art and media to improve and bolster City initiatives. They also search for ways to make artistic social practice a part of government and community work.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined theWestRoxburycommunity in commemorating the completion of the Field Improvement Project with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at theWestRoxburyEducationComplexRaiders Field. ""We're excited to celebrate the opening of anothergreatpark in one of our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It is agreatday when we can provide a top of the line athletic facility, not only to our Public Schools, but also to theWestRoxburycommunity and the larger Boston community. The opening of Raiders Field also marks the start of a public transportation service to Raiders Field, Millennium Park and toWestRoxburyEducationComplex."" The project, which cost $18.2 million, covers an area of 14 acres in addition to the existing recreational amenities located at Millennium Park. The Department of Public Works completed the project in two phases. The City of Boston reconstructed the existing natural turf athletic fields located behind theWestRoxburyEducationComplex, replacing them with a new artificial turfcomplex, consisting of one football field, one baseball field, one softball field, and one multi-use field.""What was once a landfill that threatened to negatively impact the natural resources within the nearby Charles River is now a modern athleticcomplexthat protects the environment and provides many recreational opportunities for students and the public at-large,"" said Commissioner Martin Suuberg of the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection. ""MassDEP was happy to provide financing for the site and partner with the City of Boston and the school department on this important project.""Additional improvements to thecomplexinclude a new 6-lane paved running track with spectator stands, three tennis courts, two half-court basketball courts, and a new energy-efficient lighting system. Thecomplexhas become more accessible with new handicap accessible pathways to the fields and parking lot as well as a new bus turnaround and shelter to facilitate easy access to the park by public transportation. Integration of the route 36 bus will serve both Millennium park andWestRoxburyEducationComplexfor both Boston citizens and BPS students.""This is anothergreatexample of Mayor Walsh's commitment to our schools, our student athletes and our neighborhoods,"" said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""The newly restored Raiders Field will be a tremendous benefit not just to the athletic programs at theWestRoxburyEducationComplexand its students who can use the beautiful new fields and courts for gym class and recreation, but to the surrounding community and local sports organizations, as well. It is such an asset to have these state-of-the-art ball fields and 400-meter track at the doorstep of ourWestRoxburyhigh schools, and we are so excited our Raiders teams return home.""Additional improvements to thecomplexinclude a new 6-lane paved running track with spectator stands, three tennis courts, two half-court basketball courts, and a new energy-efficient lighting system. Thecomplexhas become more accessible with new handicap accessible pathways to the fields and parking lot as well as a new bus turnaround and shelter to facilitate easy access to the park by public transportation. Integration of the route 36 bus will serve both Millennium park andWestRoxburyEducationComplexfor both Boston citizens and BPS students.Jonathan Stratton, President of Parkway Pop Warner, celebrated the project completion and opening ceremonies for the new field. ""The kids are excited and can hardly wait to play on the new field. We have been waiting a long time for this day to come,"" Stratton said."
"BOSTON - Saturday, September 12, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined theWestRoxburycommunity in commemorating the completion of the Field Improvement Project with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at theWestRoxburyEducationComplexRaiders Field. ""We're excited to celebrate the opening of anothergreatpark in one of our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It is agreatday when we can provide a top of the line athletic facility, not only to our Public Schools, but also to theWestRoxburycommunity and the larger Boston community. The opening of Raiders Field also marks the start of a public transportation service to Raiders Field, Millennium Park and toWestRoxburyEducationComplex."" The project, which cost $18.2 million, covers an area of 14 acres in addition to the existing recreational amenities located at Millennium Park. The Department of Public Works completed the project in two phases. The City of Boston reconstructed the existing natural turf athletic fields located behind theWestRoxburyEducationComplex, replacing them with a new artificial turfcomplex, consisting of one football field, one baseball field, one softball field, and one multi-use field.""What was once a landfill that threatened to negatively impact the natural resources within the nearby Charles River is now a modern athleticcomplexthat protects the environment and provides many recreational opportunities for students and the public at-large,"" said Commissioner Martin Suuberg of the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection. ""MassDEP was happy to provide financing for the site and partner with the City of Boston and the school department on this important project.""Additional improvements to thecomplexinclude a new 6-lane paved running track with spectator stands, three tennis courts, two half-court basketball courts, and a new energy-efficient lighting system. Thecomplexhas become more accessible with new handicap accessible pathways to the fields and parking lot as well as a new bus turnaround and shelter to facilitate easy access to the park by public transportation. Integration of the route 36 bus will serve both Millennium park andWestRoxburyEducationComplexfor both Boston citizens and BPS students.""This is anothergreatexample of Mayor Walsh's commitment to our schools, our student athletes and our neighborhoods,"" said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""The newly restored Raiders Field will be a tremendous benefit not just to the athletic programs at theWestRoxburyEducationComplexand its students who can use the beautiful new fields and courts for gym class and recreation, but to the surrounding community and local sports organizations, as well. It is such an asset to have these state-of-the-art ball fields and 400-meter track at the doorstep of ourWestRoxburyhigh schools, and we are so excited our Raiders teams return home.""Additional improvements to thecomplexinclude a new 6-lane paved running track with spectator stands, three tennis courts, two half-court basketball courts, and a new energy-efficient lighting system. Thecomplexhas become more accessible with new handicap accessible pathways to the fields and parking lot as well as a new bus turnaround and shelter to facilitate easy access to the park by public transportation. Integration of the route 36 bus will serve both Millennium park andWestRoxburyEducationComplexfor both Boston citizens and BPS students.Jonathan Stratton, President of Parkway Pop Warner, celebrated the project completion and opening ceremonies for the new field. ""The kids are excited and can hardly wait to play on the new field. We have been waiting a long time for this day to come,"" Stratton said."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Boston was selected to receive $3.2 million in funding from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) that will be used to further reduce the risk of childhood lead poisoning in Boston.""In Boston, we are continuing our work to ensure that our youngest residents are living in safe and healthy conditions,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I would like to thank HUD and Secretary Castro for providing us with these resources to make significant improvements throughout our neighborhoods.""The funding comes as part of a $101 million competitive HUD funding round which will be awarded to 32 city, county and state governments. These funds will protect families by targeting health hazards in more than 6,000 low-income homes with significant lead and/or other home health and safety hazards.As part of this funding, Bostons Lead Safe Boston program will be awarded $2,906,610 in Lead Hazard Control grant program funding and $325,000 in Healthy Homes supplemental funding. These funds will address lead hazards in 178 housing units, providing safer homes for low- and very low-income families with children. The Lead Hazard Control grant program will also perform healthy homes assessments in 70 units.The City of Bostons lead poisoning prevention efforts are led by the Mayor's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Public Health Commission, in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing and Equity, which investigates lead paint-related housing discrimination, Suffolk County Housing Court and a range of medical, community development, code enforcement, and lead paint advocacy partners with the goal of eliminating childhood lead poisoning in Boston.Boston is a national leader in the effort to protect children from lead poisoning. According to the Boston Public Health Commission, the percentage of screened children with elevated blood lead levels has been steadily declining since 1995.In 1995, the Boston Public Health Commission found that 13.5 percent of children screened for lead in the blood had elevated lead levels. By 2011, however, that number had declined to 0.7 percent, demonstrating Bostons emergence as a national leader in lead prevention programs.In 2014, the Massachusetts Department of Health found that 0.4 percent of children screened positive for elevated blood lead levels. While this number has declined, almost a quarter of housing discrimination cases the Office of Fair Housing & Equity receives are related to lead paint in rental homes.The award from HUD is the 13th competitive federal funding award that the Citys Lead Safe Boston program has received since 1993. The funding, totaling more than $34 million, has enabled Boston to provide technical and financial assistance to more than 2800 homes citywide.Mayor Walsh has also partnered with State Representative Jeffrey Sanchez in filing legislation that would strengthen existing lead laws to better protect our children's health. H.2049, An Act Relative to Lead Abatement, would reduce the allowable lead exposure in homes, increase tax credits available to unit owners who wish to de-lead their properties, and increases the penalties for landlords who discriminate against renting to families with children.HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes promotes local efforts to eliminate dangerous lead paint and other housing-related health hazards from lower income homes stimulate private sector investment in lead hazard control support cutting-edge research on methods for assessing and controlling housing-related health and safety hazards and educate the public about the dangers of hazards in the home.Residents who are concerned about lead paint in their home should call the Boston Home Center at 617.635.HOME or visitwww.bostonhomecenter.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Boston was selected to receive $3.2 million in funding from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) that will be used to further reduce the risk of childhood lead poisoning in Boston.""In Boston, we are continuing our work to ensure that our youngest residents are living in safe and healthy conditions,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I would like to thank HUD and Secretary Castro for providing us with these resources to make significant improvements throughout our neighborhoods.""The funding comes as part of a $101 million competitive HUD funding round which will be awarded to 32 city, county and state governments. These funds will protect families by targeting health hazards in more than 6,000 low-income homes with significant lead and/or other home health and safety hazards.As part of this funding, Bostons Lead Safe Boston program will be awarded $2,906,610 in Lead Hazard Control grant program funding and $325,000 in Healthy Homes supplemental funding. These funds will address lead hazards in 178 housing units, providing safer homes for low- and very low-income families with children. The Lead Hazard Control grant program will also perform healthy homes assessments in 70 units.The City of Bostons lead poisoning prevention efforts are led by the Mayor's Department of Neighborhood Development and the Boston Public Health Commission, in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing and Equity, which investigates lead paint-related housing discrimination, Suffolk County Housing Court and a range of medical, community development, code enforcement, and lead paint advocacy partners with the goal of eliminating childhood lead poisoning in Boston.Boston is a national leader in the effort to protect children from lead poisoning. According to the Boston Public Health Commission, the percentage of screened children with elevated blood lead levels has been steadily declining since 1995.In 1995, the Boston Public Health Commission found that 13.5 percent of children screened for lead in the blood had elevated lead levels. By 2011, however, that number had declined to 0.7 percent, demonstrating Bostons emergence as a national leader in lead prevention programs.In 2014, the Massachusetts Department of Health found that 0.4 percent of children screened positive for elevated blood lead levels. While this number has declined, almost a quarter of housing discrimination cases the Office of Fair Housing & Equity receives are related to lead paint in rental homes.The award from HUD is the 13th competitive federal funding award that the Citys Lead Safe Boston program has received since 1993. The funding, totaling more than $34 million, has enabled Boston to provide technical and financial assistance to more than 2800 homes citywide.Mayor Walsh has also partnered with State Representative Jeffrey Sanchez in filing legislation that would strengthen existing lead laws to better protect our children's health. H.2049, An Act Relative to Lead Abatement, would reduce the allowable lead exposure in homes, increase tax credits available to unit owners who wish to de-lead their properties, and increases the penalties for landlords who discriminate against renting to families with children.HUD's Office of Lead Hazard Control and Healthy Homes promotes local efforts to eliminate dangerous lead paint and other housing-related health hazards from lower income homes stimulate private sector investment in lead hazard control support cutting-edge research on methods for assessing and controlling housing-related health and safety hazards and educate the public about the dangers of hazards in the home.Residents who are concerned about lead paint in their home should call the Boston Home Center at 617.635.HOME or visitwww.bostonhomecenter.com."
ByTamara RoyTwo weeks ago the Mayors office and the Boston Redevelopment Authority kicked off a citywide comprehensive planning effort with the Imagine Boston 2030 Youth Brainstorm. Hosted by Berklee College of Music in the schools stunning new cafeteria and performance space on Mass Ave, the event brought together design professionals, city leaders, and over 100 high school students in a workshop atmosphere where students tackled issues of mobility, housing, recreation, and culture, and built models of their ideas. Starting with an upbeat 3-minute video in which Boston citizens are asked, How old will you be in 2030, and what do you wish for the future? it quickly became obvious why todays teens need to be engaged. They will be 30 years old in 2030  it happens to be their future.Devouring slices of pizza, the kids sat in small groups and thought about The Future. But how does anyone contemplate the future without reflecting on the present? My groupall girlsstarted with mobility: Why is the T so expensive? Why are the buses always full? Why cant teens have free T passes in the summer so we can get out of our neighborhoods? (A good idea.) I was curious why they wanted to escape. They told me  in the tone teenagers reserve for out of touch grownups  its hot, its dull, and worst of all, its dangerous. Girls: We dont want to live in a violent city where kids say, Stay Safe, to ward off being killed. There are gangs and nowhere for teens to hang out.Me: Dont you have a Community Center to go to?Girls: The Centers dont have stuff that teens want. Theyre for old people.Me: How about designing a community center that youd want to go to? And just like that, they fashioned a three-story building out of paper plates and plastic cups, chatting excitedly about what could happen there. A stage on the ground floor for open word, music, and kids expressing themselves. A flower garden. A gym that could double as a dance floor. A sunny lounge for hanging out, reading, and studying. Four doorways, complete with inspirational rap quotes above each, so that gangs on one street couldnt keep kids from getting in on the other side. Then they wrote in big letters on the roof, LOVE IS PEACE Community Center. When the presentations started, many groups introduced ideas that should find a place in Bostons plan: Housing for homeless families with vegetable gardens and solar panels. High quality public schools with marker boards and study lounges that rival private schools. Bike lanes completely separated from cars (and wide enough to do wheelies, please, Mr. Mayor). But it was my group, reading a rap quote by Tupac Shakur, that got one of the most positive responses from their peers: Before we find world peace, we gotta find peace in the war on the streets.Lets keep creating opportunities to give teens a voice in the citywide plan. Their design ideas can offer creative solutions to the present and powerful visions for the future. Then its our responsibility to make sure that 2030 lives up to their hopes.Tamara Roy AIA is 2015 Vice President/President Elect at the Boston Society of Architects/AIA and is a Principal at ADD Inc./ StantecAll photos courtesy of Christian Borger, a student and photographer at Boston Architectural College.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced his support for Senate Bill 735 and House Bill 1577, which would ensure transgender people in Massachusetts are protected from discrimination in public places. The new legislation would extend state non-discrimination laws by adding gender identity to the list of protected classes, granting explicit protection for transgender people in public spaces.""I am proud that Boston is committed to providing protection from discrimination in public places, regardless of gender identity,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Everyone has the right to enjoy retail stores, hotels, restaurants, hospitals, theaters, public parks, and public transportation. Our diverse and inclusive community is what makes Boston so strong. I call on the Legislature to pass this bill so we can do more to provide tangible protections to all of our Commonwealth's residents and visitors."" In addition to Boston, eleven other Massachusetts municipalities uphold local non-discrimination laws for public accommodations including: Amherst, Brookline, Cambridge, Medford, Melrose, Newton, Northampton, Salem, Somerville, Swampscott, and Worcester. Municipal leaders from each of these communities are joining efforts under the banner Mayors for Freedom, co-chaired by Mayor Walsh and Salem Mayor Kim Driscoll, to support the adoption of this legislation.""We applaud Mayor Walsh's early and active support of transgender Bostonians and Bay Staters,"" said Kasey Suffredini, co-chair of the Freedom Massachusetts campaign to pass An Act Relative to Transgender Anti-Discrimination. ""The leadership of Mayor Walsh and the other mayors and town administrators across the state speaks volumes about the benefits each of these leaders has seen in their respective jurisdictions after enacting these local ordinances. We hope the entire Commonwealth will enjoy these protections as soon as possible.""Senate Bill 735, An Act Relative to Transgender Anti-Discrimination, filed by Senator Sonia Chang-Diaz and House Bill 1577, An Act Relative to Gender Identity and Non-Discrimination, sponsored by Assistant Majority Leader Byron Rushing and Representative Denise Provost are currently pending before the Joint Committee on the Judiciary.The City of Boston has seen complete compliance since enacting non-discrimination laws to include protections for public accommodations in 2002 and continued to create initiatives for inclusiveness. Last year, Mayor Walsh recommended the City's health plans cover gender reassignment services and procedures. The Public Employee Committee voted to add coverage, which began on July 1, 2014. This year, Mayor Walsh established gender-neutral restrooms outside the Mayor's Office and the City Council Chamber. The change helped to make Boston City Hall a safer community for people who identify as LGBT or who live with a disability requiring assistance from someone of the opposite gender.Mayor Walsh will continue working to build an inclusive community in Boston and support statewide non-discrimination legislation, S.735 and H.1577, to help eliminate discrimination and protect the civil rights of all."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans today announced steps to increase public safety in the City of Boston by engaging in extensive outreach to gun licensees and vendors, and convening a regional gun summit to discuss best practices. Although the number of gun homicides is down nearly 30 percent compared to this time last year, Boston has recently seen an uptick in non-fatal shootings.""We must think creatively in order to reduce the amount of illegal guns and violence on our streets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Last year, the Legislature took real steps to strengthen our gun control laws, and I look forward to continuing to work with our government and community partnersto create neighborhoods where all of our families can feel safe.""""These individuals who are doing the shootings, they have access to illegal weapons on the street,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""Without better enforcement and education, we're letting things slip through the cracks and legally purchased firearms are falling into the hands of criminals. In 2014 and 2015, the Boston Police Department has recovered 1,500 guns from the streets of Boston, and will continue to combat gun violence by using proactive, targeted enforcement. These new initiatives will supplement the great work of the officers by asking legal gun owners and vendors to do their part to combat violence in the neighborhoods.""In a recently publishedstudycommissioned by Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans that analyzed Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) trace data on 3,202 handguns recovered by the Boston Police Department between 2007 and 2013, the study found that32.4 percentof traceable recovered handguns were originally purchased from a Massachusetts Federal Firearms License dealer. According to the study's author, Dr. Anthony Braga, of these Massachusetts-sourced firearms, almost 85 percentof them were recovered from someone other than the original, legal purchaser. Sixty-threepercentof these guns had not been reported as transferred or sold to the Massachusetts Firearms Records Bureau, even though such transfers are required by law. Only11 percenthad been reported lost or stolen.Some Highlights of the Findings:While the report indicates that criminals in Massachusetts still depend on guns from outside the state, it also highlights the need for continued education about the new state law that requires secondary transfers to be submitted to the state's Firearms Records Bureau's online reporting system. The move to online processing was designed to be fast and convenient, and to address gaps in records submission like those highlighted in the study. It is imperative that legal gun owners know about the online system, and utilize it, so law enforcement can better trace crime guns and continue to find where illegal guns are coming from.Mayor Walsh is actively working to engage local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety and the BPD are working side by side with residents and neighborhood-based social service providers on a number of initiatives, such as community engagement walks, designed to create a street-level approach to combating gun violence. On the supply side, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans are driving additional efforts aimed at keeping firearms off the streets and out of the hands of criminals. The following steps will immediately be implemented in an effort to assist with the safety, security, and tracking of firearms in the City of Boston.Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans believe strongly that Boston's responsible gun owners are equally concerned with gun trafficking and the illegal use of guns. With that in mind, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans will send aletterto all gun licensees in the City of Boston to personally ask for their help in reducing gun violence in the City and combat the noncompliance with the new firearms transfer requirements implemented last year. The letter will provide licensees with:2. Survey to Gun Vendors during bidding process about Preventing Illegal Firearm Sales, Gun Safety Measures, and Education on Straw PurchasingIn conjunction with the Arms with Ethics Responsible Gun Vendor Initiative, going forward the Boston Police Department will require all firearm vendors and retailers who respond to bids for the purchase of Department firearms to complete a survey about responsible gun vendor practices and include their responses to the survey with their bid response. These responses will be included as part of the overall bid package, and will be evaluated by the Department to ensure the vendors and retailers are following best practices in their own company to prevent illegal gun sales and theft. We are also evaluating an engagement program that will offer resources and tools to help get vendors and retailers to utilize these best practices to prevent illegal gun sales and theft.3. Regional gun summit in Fall 2015 with Mayors and Law Enforcement Leaders to discuss a multi-jurisdictional approach to prevent gun violence.Because gun violence is a problem faced by every major city and town in the nation, conversations must continue to take place between Mayors and Law Enforcement to advance solutions and coordination. Mayor Walsh is committed to leading this initiative in an effort to use all tools available to make the City's neighborhoods safer.Last week, Mayor Walsh filed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces. Given the authentic look of many of the replica handguns on our streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.The ordinance will allow the Boston Police Department to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick it up in person at the district station.If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space. The parent or guardian will then have the option to retrieve the replica firearm, but BPD will not release it directly to the minor. By engaging parents and guardians, BPD hopes the community can be allies in the effort to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth.In 2015, the Boston Police Department has recovered over 100 replica handguns in connection with crimes."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance to prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco and other tobacco products at baseball parks, including Fenway Park. The ordinance also bans smokeless tobacco or any other tobacco product at event sites for professional, collegiate, high school or organized amateur sporting events, including baseball, softball, football, basketball, hockey, track and field, field hockey, lacrosse and soccer and any other event involving a game or other athletic competition organized by a league or association.""I commend the Boston City Council on passing the ordinance banning smokeless tobacco at sports venues in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud to sign this ordinance today. If we continue to take action steps such as these, Boston will be on its way to becoming a healthy City, full positive examples for our young people to follow. The consequences of smokeless tobacco are real and can be devastating. We're doing the right thing for our children and I look forward to continuing on the path to making Boston a leader in healthy and active living.""September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. The National Cancer Institute states that chewing tobacco and snuff contain 28 cancer-causing agents and the U.S. National Toxicology Program has established smokeless tobacco as a ""known human carcinogen."" While cigarette smoking in the U.S. has been on the decline, smokeless tobacco among youth has remained steady since 1999. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) finds that nationally 14.7 percent of high-school boys and 8.8 percent of all high-school students reported using smokeless products in 2013 and each year about 535,000 kids ages 12-17 use smokeless tobacco for the first time.""Smokeless tobacco"" refers to any product that contains cut, ground, powdered, or leaf tobacco and is intended to be placed in the oral or nasal cavity, including, but not limited to, snuff, chewing tobacco, dipping tobacco, dissolvable tobacco products and snus.""With this decisive action, Boston hits a homerun for baseball, cancer prevention and public health,"" said Dr. Howard Koh of Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. ""We thank Mayor Walsh and the Boston City Council for their leadership in setting a historic example for the country.""Those managing the event sites will be primarily responsible for maintaining compliance with the ordinance. Signs will be clearly posted at entrances to sites as well as dugouts, bullpens, training and locker rooms and press boxes. Any person found in violation may be fined $250 per offense. The prohibitions and requirements will become effective onApril 1, 2016.""With Boston playing a leading role, from coast to coast, city by city, we are getting tobacco out of baseball once and for all,"" said Matthew L. Myers, President of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. ""Mayor Walsh's signature on this law means Boston is a national leader in reducing the number of young people using smokeless tobacco. Our national pastime should be about promoting a healthy and active lifestyle, not a deadly and addictive product.""More information on this ordinance can be found athttp://ow.ly/RWpTg."
"Boston -Wednesday, September 9, 2015- Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced his support for Senate Bill 735 and House Bill 1577, which would ensure transgender people in Massachusetts are protected from discrimination in public places. The new legislation would extend state non-discrimination laws by adding gender identity to the list of protected classes, granting explicit protection for transgender people in public spaces.""I am proud that Boston is committed to providing protection from discrimination in public places, regardless of gender identity,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Everyone has the right to enjoy retail stores, hotels, restaurants, hospitals, theaters, public parks, and public transportation. Our diverse and inclusive community is what makes Boston so strong. I call on the Legislature to pass this bill so we can do more to provide tangible protections to all of our Commonwealth's residents and visitors."" In addition to Boston, eleven other Massachusetts municipalities uphold local non-discrimination laws for public accommodations including: Amherst, Brookline, Cambridge, Medford, Melrose, Newton, Northampton, Salem, Somerville, Swampscott, and Worcester. Municipal leaders from each of these communities are joining efforts under the banner Mayors for Freedom, co-chaired by Mayor Walsh and Salem Mayor Kim Driscoll, to support the adoption of this legislation.""We applaud Mayor Walsh's early and active support of transgender Bostonians and Bay Staters,"" said Kasey Suffredini, co-chair of the Freedom Massachusetts campaign to pass An Act Relative to Transgender Anti-Discrimination. ""The leadership of Mayor Walsh and the other mayors and town administrators across the state speaks volumes about the benefits each of these leaders has seen in their respective jurisdictions after enacting these local ordinances. We hope the entire Commonwealth will enjoy these protections as soon as possible.""Senate Bill 735, An Act Relative to Transgender Anti-Discrimination, filed by Senator Sonia Chang-Diaz and House Bill 1577, An Act Relative to Gender Identity and Non-Discrimination, sponsored by Assistant Majority Leader Byron Rushing and Representative Denise Provost are currently pending before the Joint Committee on the Judiciary.The City of Boston has seen complete compliance since enacting non-discrimination laws to include protections for public accommodations in 2002 and continued to create initiatives for inclusiveness. Last year, Mayor Walsh recommended the City's health plans cover gender reassignment services and procedures. The Public Employee Committee voted to add coverage, which began on July 1, 2014. This year, Mayor Walsh established gender-neutral restrooms outside the Mayor's Office and the City Council Chamber. The change helped to make Boston City Hall a safer community for people who identify as LGBT or who live with a disability requiring assistance from someone of the opposite gender.Mayor Walsh will continue working to build an inclusive community in Boston and support statewide non-discrimination legislation, S.735 and H.1577, to help eliminate discrimination and protect the civil rights of all."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans today announced steps to increase public safety in the City of Boston by engaging in extensive outreach to gun licensees and vendors, and convening a regional gun summit to discuss best practices. Although the number of gun homicides is down nearly 30 percent compared to this time last year, Boston has recently seen an uptick in non-fatal shootings.""We must think creatively in order to reduce the amount of illegal guns and violence on our streets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Last year, the Legislature took real steps to strengthen our gun control laws, and I look forward to continuing to work with our government and community partnersto create neighborhoods where all of our families can feel safe.""""These individuals who are doing the shootings, they have access to illegal weapons on the street,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""Without better enforcement and education, we're letting things slip through the cracks and legally purchased firearms are falling into the hands of criminals. In 2014 and 2015, the Boston Police Department has recovered 1,500 guns from the streets of Boston, and will continue to combat gun violence by using proactive, targeted enforcement. These new initiatives will supplement the great work of the officers by asking legal gun owners and vendors to do their part to combat violence in the neighborhoods.""In a recently publishedstudycommissioned by Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans that analyzed Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF) trace data on 3,202 handguns recovered by the Boston Police Department between 2007 and 2013, the study found that32.4 percentof traceable recovered handguns were originally purchased from a Massachusetts Federal Firearms License dealer. According to the study's author, Dr. Anthony Braga, of these Massachusetts-sourced firearms, almost 85 percentof them were recovered from someone other than the original, legal purchaser. Sixty-threepercentof these guns had not been reported as transferred or sold to the Massachusetts Firearms Records Bureau, even though such transfers are required by law. Only11 percenthad been reported lost or stolen.Some Highlights of the Findings:While the report indicates that criminals in Massachusetts still depend on guns from outside the state, it also highlights the need for continued education about the new state law that requires secondary transfers to be submitted to the state's Firearms Records Bureau's online reporting system. The move to online processing was designed to be fast and convenient, and to address gaps in records submission like those highlighted in the study. It is imperative that legal gun owners know about the online system, and utilize it, so law enforcement can better trace crime guns and continue to find where illegal guns are coming from.Mayor Walsh is actively working to engage local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety and the BPD are working side by side with residents and neighborhood-based social service providers on a number of initiatives, such as community engagement walks, designed to create a street-level approach to combating gun violence. On the supply side, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans are driving additional efforts aimed at keeping firearms off the streets and out of the hands of criminals. The following steps will immediately be implemented in an effort to assist with the safety, security, and tracking of firearms in the City of Boston.1. Letter to Gun LicenseesMayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans believe strongly that Boston's responsible gun owners are equally concerned with gun trafficking and the illegal use of guns. With that in mind, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans will send aletterto all gun licensees in the City of Boston to personally ask for their help in reducing gun violence in the City and combat the noncompliance with the new firearms transfer requirements implemented last year. The letter will provide licensees with:2. Survey to Gun Vendors during bidding process about Preventing Illegal Firearm Sales, Gun Safety Measures, and Education on Straw PurchasingIn conjunction with the Arms with Ethics Responsible Gun Vendor Initiative, going forward the Boston Police Department will require all firearm vendors and retailers who respond to bids for the purchase of Department firearms to complete a survey about responsible gun vendor practices and include their responses to the survey with their bid response. These responses will be included as part of the overall bid package, and will be evaluated by the Department to ensure the vendors and retailers are following best practices in their own company to prevent illegal gun sales and theft. We are also evaluating an engagement program that will offer resources and tools to help get vendors and retailers to utilize these best practices to prevent illegal gun sales and theft.3. Regional gun summit in Fall 2015 with Mayors and Law Enforcement Leaders to discuss a multi-jurisdictional approach to prevent gun violence.Because gun violence is a problem faced by every major city and town in the nation, conversations must continue to take place between Mayors and Law Enforcement to advance solutions and coordination. Mayor Walsh is committed to leading this initiative in an effort to use all tools available to make the City's neighborhoods safer.Last week, Mayor Walsh filed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces. Given the authentic look of many of the replica handguns on our streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.The ordinance will allow the Boston Police Department to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick it up in person at the district station.If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space. The parent or guardian will then have the option to retrieve the replica firearm, but BPD will not release it directly to the minor. By engaging parents and guardians, BPD hopes the community can be allies in the effort to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth.In 2015, the Boston Police Department has recovered over 100 replica handguns in connection with crimes."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 9, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance to prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco and other tobacco products at baseball parks, including Fenway Park. The ordinance also bans smokeless tobacco or any other tobacco product at event sites for professional, collegiate, high school or organized amateur sporting events, including baseball, softball, football, basketball, hockey, track and field, field hockey, lacrosse and soccer and any other event involving a game or other athletic competition organized by a league or association.""I commend the Boston City Council on passing the ordinance banning smokeless tobacco at sports venues in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud to sign this ordinance today. If we continue to take action steps such as these, Boston will be on its way to becoming a healthy City, full positive examples for our young people to follow. The consequences of smokeless tobacco are real and can be devastating. We're doing the right thing for our children and I look forward to continuing on the path to making Boston a leader in healthy and active living.""September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. The National Cancer Institute states that chewing tobacco and snuff contain 28 cancer-causing agents and the U.S. National Toxicology Program has established smokeless tobacco as a ""known human carcinogen."" While cigarette smoking in the U.S. has been on the decline, smokeless tobacco among youth has remained steady since 1999. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) finds that nationally 14.7 percent of high-school boys and 8.8 percent of all high-school students reported using smokeless products in 2013 and each year about 535,000 kids ages 12-17 use smokeless tobacco for the first time.""Smokeless tobacco"" refers to any product that contains cut, ground, powdered, or leaf tobacco and is intended to be placed in the oral or nasal cavity, including, but not limited to, snuff, chewing tobacco, dipping tobacco, dissolvable tobacco products and snus.""With this decisive action, Boston hits a homerun for baseball, cancer prevention and public health,"" said Dr. Howard Koh of Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. ""We thank Mayor Walsh and the Boston City Council for their leadership in setting a historic example for the country.""Those managing the event sites will be primarily responsible for maintaining compliance with the ordinance. Signs will be clearly posted at entrances to sites as well as dugouts, bullpens, training and locker rooms and press boxes. Any person found in violation may be fined $250 per offense. The prohibitions and requirements will become effective onApril 1, 2016.""With Boston playing a leading role, from coast to coast, city by city, we are getting tobacco out of baseball once and for all,"" said Matthew L. Myers, President of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. ""Mayor Walsh's signature on this law means Boston is a national leader in reducing the number of young people using smokeless tobacco. Our national pastime should be about promoting a healthy and active lifestyle, not a deadly and addictive product.""More information on this ordinance can be found athttp://ow.ly/RWpTg."
"Information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following @CityofBoston.""As this summer comes to a close, we are expecting rising temperatures over the next couples of days,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we work to monitor the rising temperatures, to keep all of our residents and visitors safe, we ask the public to continue being vigilant-look after a neighbor, be it someone outdoors, or someone next door.""Mayor Walsh can declare a Heat Emergency once temperatures reach 90 degrees or higher for three or more consecutive days. During a Heat Emergency, cooling centers will be open across the City.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the city's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. Sign up online.Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services.Adults and children should use sunscreen containing an SPF-15 or higher and wear protective, loose fitting clothing, including long sleeve shirts and hats. The elderly, young children and those with chronic medical conditions are more susceptible to the effects of heat.Always check in on family or neighbors who may be at risk of heat exhaustion or heat stroke as temperatures climb.Children and pets should never be left alone in vehicles, even for short periods of times.If you become lightheaded, confused, weak or faint, stop all activity and immediately find shade or a cool area to rest. If symptoms persist, call 911 immediately.Limit outdoor activity to morning and evening hours. Rest often in shady areas and be extra cautious from11 a.m. to 3 p.m., when the sun's UV radiation is strongest.Drink plenty of fluids regardless of activity level. Avoid alcoholic beverages and liquids high in sugar or caffeine.Homeless individuals can become dehydrated rapidly due to a lack of access to water or shelter from the heat. If you observe someone who appears in distress, call 911 immediately.If you have a child in your home, use child window guards in addition to screens on any open window on the second story or above. Falls are the leading cause of injury for children under the age of six. Information about low-cost window guards for Boston residents can be foundhere.Secure all window air conditioner units according to the manufacturer's specifications.Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.Boston Centers for Youth & Families operates 17 pools and one beach for families looking to cool off in the summer heat.To find the pool or beach nearest you, visit BCYF's website."
Today is a great day in New England and Patriots fans across the country are celebrating. Now, let's get back to football - I am looking forward to a great season and cheering on the Patriots one game at a time.
Boston youth ages 14-17 (or high school seniors) are invited to apply to the BCYF Youth Advisory Council (YAC). The youth advisory council was established in September of 2014 to serve as an advisory board to identify, discuss and inform BCYF leadership on youth issues and programming. The mission is to instill members with the knowledge, skill and confidence to work in cooperation with local government to best serve the needs and expectations of Bostons youth and to empower them to make positive change in their community.Boston Centers for Youth & Families is the City of Bostons largest human service agency operating 35 facilities across Boston. The bulk of programs and activities at the community centers are youth-focused so the BCYF Youth Advisory Council has a role in shaping what the centers offer for young people.As a BCYF YAC member, youth will:The BCYF YAC serves as a link between City government and youth by identifying issues affecting youth, addressing community concerns, and designing action plans to foster change. The YAC serves as a means for youth to have a voice in shaping the quality of life in Boston while engaging in various activities and service projects in the community. This year, YAC members volunteered with the American Red Cross Food Pantry, helped set up and support a variety of BCYF events, worked on a project with the Department of Mental Health to create a peer lead approach to mental health awareness for teens and ended the year with a group trip to Hyannis to participate in two service learning projects on Cape Cod while learning about the area.Interested in applying? Go tohttp://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYFand fill out the application. The deadline for completed applications is Friday, September 11th.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces. If approved by the Boston City Council, these regulations would take effect immediately.""We've seen too many violent incidents this year, and we will do everything in our power to ensure the safety of Boston residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This ordinance will send a strong message - that guns of all kinds, including imitation firearms, make our community dangerous. By engaging parents and guardians, we hope to create allies in our effort to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth."" The ordinance will increase public safety by banning replica handguns that are not clearly labeled in public spaces. So far this year, the Boston Police Department (BPD) has recovered over 100 replica handguns in connection with crimes. Given the authentic look of many of the replica guns on Boston's streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.This ordinance will allow BPD to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick up theconfiscated replica firearmin person at the district station. If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space, and the parent or guardian will have the option to retrieve the replica firearm. BPD will not release a replica handgun directly to the minor.""Replica guns have become a big issue for us. We all too often encounter young people who are carrying these fake guns and even though they are fake, the public and police don't know they are,"" said Commissioner William B. Evans. ""Our goal is to make the city the safest place it can be and this ordinance will help remind the public and residents of the dangers these replica guns present.""The goal of the legislation is to make residents aware of the danger of replica handguns and increase the dialogue about the consequences of replica handguns with Boston's young people.""It is unnecessary and irresponsible for manufacturers to makerecreational or toy imitation firearms which by sight cannot bedifferentiated from a real gun,"" said State Representative Dan Cullinane. ""No one, especially apolice officer who has the burden of making a split second decision,should ever have to guess if a gun is real. These replica firearms have no place in public spaces. I am grateful to MayorWalsh for leading on this important public safety issue in Boston. Ilook forward to working with the Mayor and our colleagues ingovernment to make these meaningful changes in both the City and theCommonwealth.""""We need to afford our law enforcement officials every tool possible in an ongoing effort to keep them and the public safe,"" said Councilor Frank Baker. ""I support any measure that allows our officers to do their job effectively and helps to prevent a potential tragedy due to a replica handgun.""""The last thing we need in our city, as we struggle to improve police and community relations, is a tragedy involving a toy gun that looks real. In order to avoid tragedies like the one in Cleveland, OH, we need parents to be just as determined as law enforcement to spread the word and change the culture around letting our children play with these replica guns,"" said Reverend Jeffrey Brown of Twelfth Baptist Church. ""I applaud the Mayor on this move, and urge the council to pass the measure.""Mayor Walsh is dedicated to providing safe and secure neighborhoods where every resident can thrive. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety and the BPD have been actively engaged in local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. Working side by side with a large cross section of City, social service and community based agencies, a wide variety of opportunity driven initiatives have been established including career pathways into the trade unions and other private sector jobs and a partnership with John Hancock, YouthConnect and the Office of Public Safety to identify those 11 - 14-year-olds most vulnerable to become involved in high risk behavior."
"BOSTON -Monday, August 31, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces. If approved by the Boston City Council, these regulations would take effect immediately.""We've seen too many violent incidents this year, and we will do everything in our power to ensure the safety of Boston residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This ordinance will send a strong message - that guns of all kinds, including imitation firearms, make our community dangerous. By engaging parents and guardians, we hope to create allies in our effort to remove replica firearms from the hands of our youth."" The ordinance will increase public safety by banning replica handguns that are not clearly labeled in public spaces. So far this year, the Boston Police Department (BPD) has recovered over 100 replica handguns in connection with crimes. Given the authentic look of many of the replica guns on Boston's streets, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what is a real firearm versus an imitation firearm.This ordinance will allow BPD to confiscate replica firearms and require the owner to pick up theconfiscated replica firearmin person at the district station. If a replica handgun is confiscated from someone under the age of 18, BPD will notify the parent or guardian that the minor was found with a replica handgun in a public space, and the parent or guardian will have the option to retrieve the replica firearm. BPD will not release a replica handgun directly to the minor.""Replica guns have become a big issue for us. We all too often encounter young people who are carrying these fake guns and even though they are fake, the public and police don't know they are,"" said Commissioner William B. Evans. ""Our goal is to make the city the safest place it can be and this ordinance will help remind the public and residents of the dangers these replica guns present.""The goal of the legislation is to make residents aware of the danger of replica handguns and increase the dialogue about the consequences of replica handguns with Boston's young people.""It is unnecessary and irresponsible for manufacturers to makerecreational or toy imitation firearms which by sight cannot bedifferentiated from a real gun,"" said State Representative Dan Cullinane. ""No one, especially apolice officer who has the burden of making a split second decision,should ever have to guess if a gun is real. These replica firearms have no place in public spaces. I am grateful to MayorWalsh for leading on this important public safety issue in Boston. Ilook forward to working with the Mayor and our colleagues ingovernment to make these meaningful changes in both the City and theCommonwealth.""""We need to afford our law enforcement officials every tool possible in an ongoing effort to keep them and the public safe,"" said Councilor Frank Baker. ""I support any measure that allows our officers to do their job effectively and helps to prevent a potential tragedy due to a replica handgun.""""The last thing we need in our city, as we struggle to improve police and community relations, is a tragedy involving a toy gun that looks real. In order to avoid tragedies like the one in Cleveland, OH, we need parents to be just as determined as law enforcement to spread the word and change the culture around letting our children play with these replica guns,"" said Reverend Jeffrey Brown of Twelfth Baptist Church. ""I applaud the Mayor on this move, and urge the council to pass the measure.""Mayor Walsh is dedicated to providing safe and secure neighborhoods where every resident can thrive. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety and the BPD have been actively engaged in local communities to change the trajectory of those involved in violence. Working side by side with a large cross section of City, social service and community based agencies, a wide variety of opportunity driven initiatives have been established including career pathways into the trade unions and other private sector jobs and a partnership with John Hancock, YouthConnect and the Office of Public Safety to identify those 11 - 14-year-olds most vulnerable to become involved in high risk behavior."
As the Chair of the South Ends Boston Creates Team, I have had the opportunity to make new connections and deepen relationships with community members. This city-wide process has allowed members of the neighborhood and city to unite and express their vision for the future of arts and culture in Boston.Historic preservation of neighborhood stories and spaces in the midst of gentrification, affordability, equity for artists, access to the arts and underutilized spaces have been major themes during our conversations. The most encouraging part of the process has been witnessing individuals and organizations coming together to think about ways that, as a community and neighborhood, we can continue discussing these salient points, and most importantly create self-organized actions.While people are excited about how the Citys Arts and Culture plan will shape Boston, they are also asking themselves how we can work together to move important city and neighborhood issues forward. There is a desire amongst individual and organizations to continue this dialogue beyond this initial Boston Creates engagement period, create and execute actions together and support and enhance the City of Bostons first Arts and Culture Plan.
"The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment and Save the Harbor/Save the Bay is inviting all Bostonians to mark the start of the new school year and celebrate at an ""End of Summer Beach Party"" onSaturday, September 12at the Boston Centers for Youth & Family (BCYF) Curley Community Center's M Street Beach in South Boston. ""The City is excited to celebrate the spirit of summer for as long as possible,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I'm looking forward to closing the season on a high note and coming together as a community for an afternoon of fun."" The event will be held from12-5 p.m.and will feature a barbecue by Sweet Cheeks, beach games, kayaking, stand-up paddle boards, family activities and live music by the Endless Summer Band.A recent study by Save the Harbor / Save the Bay found the beaches in South Boston to be cleaner than some of the most iconic beaches in the U.S., including Miami Beach in Florida and Waikiki Beach in Hawaii. Save the Harbor / Save the Bay launched its Better Beaches Program with the support of The Boston Foundation in 2008 to help local beach communities create and sustain free events and activities on the region's public beaches.This year, with additional funds from the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation, Save the Harbor / Save the Bay awarded over $200,000 in grants to groups in Lynn, Nahant, Revere, Winthrop, East Boston, South Boston, Dorchester, Quincy and Hull.""Thanks to the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority and the Boston Water and Sewer Commission, the beaches of South Boston are the cleanest urban beaches in America,"" said Bruce Berman, Director of Strategy, Communications and Programs at Save the Harbor / Save the Bay. ""It is great to celebrate all we've accomplished together with Mayor Walsh and enjoy these spectacular urban natural resources.""The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Save the Harbor / Save the Bay to put on the End of Summer Beach Party.At the beginning of this summer, Mayor Walsh announced a new Family Friendly Beach at the M Street Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center. The End of Summer Beach Party will be an exciting and festive closure to the Family Friendly Beach's debut season. For further information please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer, check out@VisitBostonCityon Twitter or visithttps://www.facebook.com/BostonCityTourism. The BCYF Curley Community Center is located at 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston and is accessible by MBTA via Andrew Square (Red Line) or the 11 bus towards City Point."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 26, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has partnered with Zipcar and Enterprise Carshare to bring 80 new car-share vehicles to Boston through the DriveBoston program. The program will place vehicles in dedicated spaces around the City, including many that are currently underserved by car-share options. The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) will begin outfiting its lots for the expansion this week, with the first location at the Ruggles Street lot in Dudley Square and a continued roll out through the fall.The expanded spots are focused in currently underserved areas, with Roxbury receiving 12 spots and Dorchester receiving 10 spots. Jamaica Plain will receive eight spots and the additional spots are distributed in small numbers across the City. The program spaces are all visible on an online map atboston.gov/driveboston.""All of our residents deserve the opportunity to access car-share vehicles and I am pleased we are able to expand Drive Boston to additional neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""DriveBoston is an important tool to lessen our reliance on car ownership and relieve parking congestion throughout Boston.""BTD's DriveBoston program has three main goals: (1) create ""mobility hubs"" at key MBTA stations and along bus routes to strengthen the City's transportation network (2) reduce the number of private vehicles per household to relieve parking pressure and (3) better connect the Main Street Business Districts. The majority of the spaces will be in City-owned municipal parking lots (48 spaces), with the remaining 32 spots being placed on street corners. Data collected about how frequently people use the vehicles and for what purposes will help inform the City's transportation planners on the success of the program.""We are excited to continually offer new ways for people to get around the city,"" said BTD Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""Not everybody wants to own a car, but they may need one occasionally, and we see DriveBoston as one more tool for residents who want a car-free or car-light way of living in Boston.""National studies on the impact of car-share programs have shown significant, positive impacts. Expanding car-share in a city, for example, can help reduce local greenhouse gas emissions. Moreover, increasing car-share availability has been shown to reduce local car ownership, as residents chose to join a car-share program rather than buy, maintain and find parking for one. One study estimates that adding each car-share vehicles reduces between nine and 13 cars overall. ""We have a unique neighborhood network that directly connects us to local communities and transportation infrastructure at a grassroots level,"" said Brian Duffy, vice president and general manager of Enterprise in Boston. ""So we're naturally excited to partner with the City of Boston on this new car-sharing program, which not only enhances our fleet's accessibility in Boston, but also our ability to complement the 'T' and other options.""""Zipcar's core mission - to enable simple and responsible urban living - has been unchanged since we were founded here in our hometown 15 years ago,"" said Zipcar Boston General Manager Jeremy Pomp. ""We're thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh and his team to expand our footprint of over 1,000 ZipCars in the Boston area with the additional 40 DriveBoston spaces in the city's neighborhoods, bringing ZipCars even closer to where our members live and work."" About Go Boston 2030The DriveBoston program is an early action initiative ofGo Boston 2030, the City's transportation planning effort. The effort is being led by the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Mobility Plan Advisory Committee. In addition to developing a long term strategic plan,Go Boston 2030is identifying specific initiatives for immediate implementation.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe DriveBoston program was facilitated by a collaboration between the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to significantly improve the quality of City services. Recent collaborations with BTD include TicketZen,ParkBoston, and new smart parking meters. To learn more about their work follow the office onTwitter."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launchedSeniors Save, a new, proactive program that will help eligible seniors replace failing or inefficient heating systems before winter begins.""With a very difficult winter last year and fall fast approaching, we want to make sure our seniors are warm and safe this winter,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Seniors living on fixed incomes may not always be able to afford important improvements to their heating systems. I'm proud that the City of Boston will be able to provide this additional resource for our residents.""Seniors whoreplace their aging heating systems with new, energy efficient systems significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during the winter, and will also see reductions in their energy bills, enabling them to expand their budgets for other necessities.  ""This is an exciting new program from Mayor Walsh for Boston seniors,"" said Commissioner of Affairs of the Elderly Emily Shea. ""Every winter we hear from many people struggling to afford their rising heat bills and this program will help seniors save money and be warmer this winter.""Applications for theSeniors Saveprogram are currently available by contacting the Boston Home Center (BHC), by visitingtheDepartment of Neighborhood Development's websiteor by contacting one of the BHC's partnersenioragencies. To qualify, income-eligible seniors must be 60 years of age or older and must be the occupants of a residential one-to-four family property or condominium in the City of Boston. The program is open to seniors whose income does not exceed 80 percent of median family income, as determined by the US Department of Housing and Urban Development.Eligible homeowners will receive a $3,500 grant towards upgrades to their heating systems. Additional funding is available up to $10,000 in the form of a zero percent interest, deferred loan, which will only be payable on the sale of the property, a refinance or transfer of the title. Once aseniorcitizen submits an application, BHC Construction Specialists will work with the homeowner on the scope of the project, and will help select a contractor from the BHC's pre-approved, licensed and insured contractor list. A BHC Construction Specialist will then oversee the work from start to finish.To learn more aboutSeniors Save, residents are invited to contact (617) 635-HOME, orclick here."
The City of Boston's Election Department is reminding all voters that the deadline to complete and submit an Absentee Ballot Application isSeptember 4, 2015by5:00 PM. Absentee Voters are required to fill out a new application each calendar year. Applications may be obtained by calling the Election Department at617-635-3767, and are available online:boston.gov/elections. If a voter is unsure as to whether or not an absentee ballot request is up-to-date, he or she should contact the Department. All voters are urged to file their applications as soon as possible in order to expedite the mailing of the actual absentee ballots. Absentee ballots are also available for those who wish to vote in person at the Election Department, located in Room 241, at Boston City Hall. For students who are registered to vote in Boston and are attending schoolelsewhere, the City encourages them to useAbsenteeBallots to participate in the Preliminary Municipal Election and November's General Election. Elderlyvoters who can no longer make it to the polls should consider this option as well. For voters who have any questions about absentee ballots, please call617-635-2211. For allother concerns call617-635-3767.This year, there will be Preliminary Elections held in City Council District 4 and City Council District 7 only onTuesday, September 8. Polls will be open from7AM - 8PM.
"The Mayor's Office of Public Safety is encouraging community members to join local leaders, Boston Police and other advocates in a series of neighborhood walks to engage with neighbors in areas that have been struck by recent acts of violence in the City.""We know there is more work to be done to end violence in our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Now is the time that we must come together as one community to find the solutions that create neighborhoods that are safe for our children and our families.""After a recent meeting with community leaders, clergy and advocates, Mayor Walsh and Police Commissioner William Evans asked the group for help and thoughts on how everyone can work together to disrupt the violence in our neighborhoods and encourage other neighbors to join the movement. Many thoughts and ideas were shared, but an immediate and tangible step that the Mayor and Commissioner asked for, and the group decided on, was a series of neighborhood walks to engage together with parts of our city that have witnessed and suffered from the most recent acts of violence.""There were many forces that drove Boston's violence dramatically downward in the 1990s,"" said Reverend Mark Scott, a member of the Mayor's Interfaith Council. ""One was a lot people working hard, together. The other was people praying. In the Jewish and Christian traditions we are told to 'Seek the peace of the city. Pray ... for it.' These walks are seeking peace. As we walk many of us will pray in our hearts for peace. Please join us in this and continue to find ways, many ways, to build relationships with and create opportunity for the young people of our City.""Scheduled walks include:Schedule for Mondays - Saturdays: August 31 - October 26:00 - 7:30pmMondaysNeighborhood: Grove Hall - Meeting place: Lila G. Frederick SchoolTuesdaysNeighborhood: Bowdoin and Geneva - Meeting place: St. Peter's Teen CenterWednesdaysNeighborhood: Mattapan - Meeting place: Blue Hill Avenue and Morton Area B3 Police StationThursdaysNeighborhood: Mattapan - Meeting Place: Norfolk ParkFridaysNeighborhood: Roxbury - Meeting Place: Warren Gardens and St. Joseph 12th Baptist ChurchSaturdaysNeighborhood: Humbolt Community - Meeting Place: Pleasant Hill Baptist ChurchNote: No walk on Labor Day Saturday (9/5/2015) or Monday (9/7/2015)Contact Rev. Mark Scott atmvscott617@hotmail.comfor more informationMayor Walsh is dedicated to providing safe and secure neighborhoods where every resident can thrive. The Mayor's Office of Public Safety has been actively engaged in our communities to change the trajectory of those involved in driving the violence in our city. Working side by side with a large cross section of City, social service and community based agencies, a wide variety of opportunity driven initiatives have been established including career paths into the trade unions and other private sector jobs. Among other initiatives, through a new partnership with John Hancock, YouthConnect and the Office of Public Safety, a renewed intense focus will establish a school year based initiative to identify those 11- 14-year-olds most vulnerable to become involved in high risk behavior in our communities."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Kris Carter as the new co-chair in the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics - the City's civic innovation team. Carter joins current co-chair Nigel Jacob, and replaces outgoing co-chair and the city's new Chief of Streets, Chris Osgood.""Kris has shown extraordinary leadership and creativity during his time as a New Urban Mechanic,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am honored to name Kris the new co-chair of New Urban Mechanics and know that his innovative talent will only continue to grow and improve City services.""Carter started in New Urban Mechanics in 2011 as a fellow. During his time, he has led Office's focus on creative transportation solutions in the City of Boston, supported the development of the Innovation District and created a new visual storytelling outfit for City's digital outreach strategy.""I am honored to take on this role and keep collaborating with civic entrepreneurs focused on improving the quality of life for the people of Boston, "" said Carter. ""Our team is excited to continue testing solutions for a broad range of complex urban problems and being bold in our experimentation.""Carter has led a vast amount of work out of the New Urban Mechanics' Streetscape Lab, which is focused on making streets that are great public spaces, support sustainable transportation and are easier to use. Some of those innovations include the roll-out of the ParkBoston and TicketZen smartphone apps that focus on making the parking experience more user friendly. Carter also led the City's pilot program to install side guards on City vehicles to increase cyclist safety. The sideguard pilot was the largest in the nation, and led to the adoption of a City ordinance requiring all City vendors and City trucks to have side guards and blindspot mirrors installed. Carter also oversaw the expansion of the Boston Bike Program and Hubway system in 2012.Last year, Carter co-led the Public Space Invitational, which engaged architects, engineers and artists to creatively improve our civic spaces. The Invitational resulted in over 70 entries and the installation of projects like the Stairs of Fabulousness, a multi-colored stairway located on the 3rd floor mezzanine of City Hall, and the Portable Reading Room, a rolling library along the Rose Kennedy Greenway. Carter also led the collaboration between the City and the MIT's Media Lab spinoff, Changing Environments, on installing the country's first solar-powered benches with recharging stations for smartphones, also known as Soofas.As part of his work in New Urban Mechanics, Carter has filmed and produced over 40 videos for theCity's YouTube channel, which highlights everything from the hokey program in charge of cleaning Boston's streets, to those getting married in City Hall. Since it's launch by the City's digital team 16 months ago, the channel has garnered over 85,000 views.Prior to his work in the New Urban Mechanics, Carter served as the City's Interim Bike Czar, managed youth development programs in Boston and served with AmeriCorps. He is a graduate of Villanova University, and received his Master's Degree from Tufts University's Urban and Environmental Policy and Planning program. Carter currently resides in Jamaica Plain with his partner and two children.""I've worked with Kris at City Hall for several years now and in that time he has always impressed me with his deep creativity, intelligence and commitment to the work of serving the public,"" said Jacob. ""I am both excited and proud to have Kris join me as Co-chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.""The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to significantly improve the quality of City services. To learn more about their work follow the office onTwitter."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has received $350,000 in funding from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to support climate preparedness in Boston, as part of the state's Office of Coastal Zone Management's Coastal Community Resilience Grant Program. The grant will support the Boston Climate Preparedness Planning Initiative, a project led by the City's Office of Environment, Energy and Open Space in partnership with the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.""Boston is keenly aware of its vulnerability to sea-level rise and the other effects of climate change,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are working hard to reduce our emissions of greenhouse gases and ensure that we are prepared for the changes that we cannot prevent, as laid out in the Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan that I released in January. I want to thank the Commonwealth for this grant, which will give a significant boost to our climate preparedness efforts.""The Boston Climate Preparedness Planning Initiative will generate critical solutions for resilient neighborhoods, infrastructure and governance that help the region thrive and grow in the face of long-term climate uncertainties. In particular, it will identify ""critical resiliency focus areas"" and develop an initial portfolio of concrete solutions for each area. Those solutions will span a broad range of possible types of interventions, including regulations, financial incentives, technical assistance, design standards and physical infrastructure projects. The project is a joint initiative of the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.""The grant awarded to the City of Boston will help city leaders and environmental officials proactively plan to protect citizens and infrastructure from the effects of climate change while working to improve coastal resiliency,"" said Energy and Environmental Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton. ""The Baker-Polito Administration is committed to working with communities like Boston to develop new, innovative and effective ways to address the pressing issue of an ever-changing climate.""""This grant is another milestone in the Walsh Administration's efforts to help protect and prepare our citizens for our changing climate,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""I look forward to continuing our strong partnership with Secretary Beaton and Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs.""In April 2014, the City also received a Coastal Community Resilience grant, which supported the Boston Living with Water Design Competition that sought design solutions envisioning a beautiful, vibrant and resilient Boston that is prepared for climate conditions and rising sea levels. Fifty teams composed of more than 340 individuals from eight different countries participated in the two-stage competition, which was a a joint project of the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority, The Boston Harbor Association and the Boston Society of Architects."
Each of the Community Conversations had a slightly different agenda and topics that were covered. At the August 1,Dorchester community conversation the facilitator asked the group, If you could say one thing to Julie Burros what would it be? The following are the first ten suggestions for her. Share your own ideahere.And finally they all expressed the widely held opinion that Boston is rich in arts and culture offerings and that we need to do more to elevate what exists.
"BOSTON -Friday, August 21, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Kris Carter as the new co-chair in the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics - the City's civic innovation team. Carter joins current co-chair Nigel Jacob, and replaces outgoing co-chair and the city's new Chief of Streets, Chris Osgood.""Kris has shown extraordinary leadership and creativity during his time as a New Urban Mechanic,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am honored to name Kris the new co-chair of New Urban Mechanics and know that his innovative talent will only continue to grow and improve City services.""Carter started in New Urban Mechanics in 2011 as a fellow. During his time, he has led Office's focus on creative transportation solutions in the City of Boston, supported the development of the Innovation District and created a new visual storytelling outfit for City's digital outreach strategy.""I am honored to take on this role and keep collaborating with civic entrepreneurs focused on improving the quality of life for the people of Boston, "" said Carter. ""Our team is excited to continue testing solutions for a broad range of complex urban problems and being bold in our experimentation.""Carter has led a vast amount of work out of the New Urban Mechanics' Streetscape Lab, which is focused on making streets that are great public spaces, support sustainable transportation and are easier to use. Some of those innovations include the roll-out of the ParkBoston and TicketZen smartphone apps that focus on making the parking experience more user friendly. Carter also led the City's pilot program to install side guards on City vehicles to increase cyclist safety. The sideguard pilot was the largest in the nation, and led to the adoption of a City ordinance requiring all City vendors and City trucks to have side guards and blindspot mirrors installed. Carter also oversaw the expansion of the Boston Bike Program and Hubway system in 2012.Last year, Carter co-led the Public Space Invitational, which engaged architects, engineers and artists to creatively improve our civic spaces. The Invitational resulted in over 70 entries and the installation of projects like the Stairs of Fabulousness, a multi-colored stairway located on the 3rd floor mezzanine of City Hall, and the Portable Reading Room, a rolling library along the Rose Kennedy Greenway. Carter also led the collaboration between the City and the MIT's Media Lab spinoff, Changing Environments, on installing the country's first solar-powered benches with recharging stations for smartphones, also known as Soofas.As part of his work in New Urban Mechanics, Carter has filmed and produced over 40 videos for theCity's YouTube channel, which highlights everything from the hokey program in charge of cleaning Boston's streets, to those getting married in City Hall. Since it's launch by the City's digital team 16 months ago, the channel has garnered over 85,000 views.Prior to his work in the New Urban Mechanics, Carter served as the City's Interim Bike Czar, managed youth development programs in Boston and served with AmeriCorps. He is a graduate of Villanova University, and received his Master's Degree from Tufts University's Urban and Environmental Policy and Planning program. Carter currently resides in Jamaica Plain with his partner and two children.""I've worked with Kris at City Hall for several years now and in that time he has always impressed me with his deep creativity, intelligence and commitment to the work of serving the public,"" said Jacob. ""I am both excited and proud to have Kris join me as Co-chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.""The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to significantly improve the quality of City services. To learn more about their work follow the office onTwitter."
"BOSTON - Friday, August 20, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has received $350,000 in funding from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to support climate preparedness in Boston, as part of the state's Office of Coastal Zone Management's Coastal Community Resilience Grant Program. The grant will support the Boston Climate Preparedness Planning Initiative, a project led by the City's Office of Environment, Energy and Open Space in partnership with the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.""Boston is keenly aware of its vulnerability to sea-level rise and the other effects of climate change,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are working hard to reduce our emissions of greenhouse gases and ensure that we are prepared for the changes that we cannot prevent, as laid out in the Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan that I released in January. I want to thank the Commonwealth for this grant, which will give a significant boost to our climate preparedness efforts.""The Boston Climate Preparedness Planning Initiative will generate critical solutions for resilient neighborhoods, infrastructure and governance that help the region thrive and grow in the face of long-term climate uncertainties. In particular, it will identify ""critical resiliency focus areas"" and develop an initial portfolio of concrete solutions for each area. Those solutions will span a broad range of possible types of interventions, including regulations, financial incentives, technical assistance, design standards and physical infrastructure projects. The project is a joint initiative of the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority and the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.""The grant awarded to the City of Boston will help city leaders and environmental officials proactively plan to protect citizens and infrastructure from the effects of climate change while working to improve coastal resiliency,"" said Energy and Environmental Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton. ""The Baker-Polito Administration is committed to working with communities like Boston to develop new, innovative and effective ways to address the pressing issue of an ever-changing climate.""""This grant is another milestone in the Walsh Administration's efforts to help protect and prepare our citizens for our changing climate,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""I look forward to continuing our strong partnership with Secretary Beaton and Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs.""In April 2014, the City also received a Coastal Community Resilience grant, which supported the Boston Living with Water Design Competition that sought design solutions envisioning a beautiful, vibrant and resilient Boston that is prepared for climate conditions and rising sea levels. Fifty teams composed of more than 340 individuals from eight different countries participated in the two-stage competition, which was a a joint project of the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority, The Boston Harbor Association and the Boston Society of Architects."
There has been some noteworthy progress in the past week forImagine Boston 2030, Mayor Walshs effort to create Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years. Last Thursday, the Mayor appointed Sara Myerson, who previously oversaw the Citys Office of Olympic Planning,as Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030. The following day,HR&A Advisors and Utile were selected as the consulting teamto help guide the overall approach to the citywide plan and community engagement.The momentum will continue next Wednesday evening when the city and a group of partner organizations, including the Boston Society of Architects/AIA, the BSA Foundation and Boston Architectural College, host an Imagine Boston Youth Brainstorm at Berklee College of Music. The free event, which will include dinner, music, prizes, and lively conversation, is open to all high school age youth in Boston.The citywide plan will be informed by residents and community members of all ages and walks of life, and young people are essential to the conversation. Youth in attendance will be asked to think about their future in 15 years. Who do they hope to be in 2030? How do they want to live, work, and play in Boston? Whats their vision for a better city?Design professionals from the Boston area will be there to guide the conversation and make sure everyones ideas are captured. High school students are encouraged to register for the free event by visitingyouthimagineboston.eventbrite.com.Below are details about the event:What: Imagine Boston 2030 Youth BrainstormWho: Boston high school students, area design professionals, and City of Boston representativesWhere: Berklee College of Music, 160 Massachusetts AveWhen: Wednesday, August 26 from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m.RSVP: Free! Includes dinner and dessert, music, T-shirts, and prizesyouthimagineboston.eventbrite.comFor questions and more information about this event, please contactGretchen Schneiderat the Boston Society of Architects/AIA.Organized by the City of Boston, Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Boston Society of Architects/AIA, Boston Society of Landscape Architects, Community Design Resource Center, Congress for the New Urbanism New England Chapter, Urban Land Institute Boston/New England, and the Boston Architectural College. Thank you to Berklee College of Music and the BSA Foundation for their generous support!
"Following up on his commitment to end veterans homelessness by the end of 2015, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that 367 homeless veterans have been housed since his Administration launched the program in July 2014.""No veteran should have to sleep on the street, and Boston is going to change that,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud that the City of Boston is housing veterans at a rate of approximately one per day, and I look forward to announcing the functional end of veterans homelessness by the end of the year.""As part of Mayor Walsh's initiative ""Boston Homes for the Brave,"" the City's Departments of Veteran Services and Neighborhood Development will host a meeting later today for brokers and landlords to share information on how they can support homeless veterans. The meeting will take place at Brighton Marine Health Center, Inc. at5 PMtonight. Another meeting will be held at the same location onThursday, August 27 at 10:00AM. Landlords and property owners who are interested in attending can RSVP by contacting: homes@Brighton-Marine.org or call617-562-5223.""Boston Homes for the Brave"" is a part of the federal Mayors Challenge to End Veterans Homelessness, which was announced by First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House in 2014. The First Lady issued a call to mayors across the Nation to make a commitment to ending veterans' homelessness in their cities by 2015.In addition to helping veterans leave shelter and find housing, the City, working with its partners in the provider and advocacy community, has seen a significant decrease in the length of time that veterans remain in homeless shelters. Seventy percent of all homeless veterans who have used the system leave shelter within six months and of those, 45 percent leave in less than two months. A year ago, only 50 percent of homeless veterans were able to leave in less than six months. Among veterans who became homeless since the Mayor announced the initiative, the average length of stay in shelter had dropped even further to only 44 days.Defining an end to homelessness is challenging. As veterans are housed, other veterans become homeless and enter the system for the first time. To that end, the City and its partners have developed a goal entitled ""functional zero,"" to be reached by the end of 2015. The definition of functional zero is that:This initiative involves all Boston agencies that work with homeless veterans, including the US Department of Veterans Affairs, the Massachusetts Department of Veterans' Services, the City of Boston Office of Veterans' Services, the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, the New England Center for Homeless Veterans, Pine Street Inn, Children's Services of Roxbury and the Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance.""The New England Center for Homeless Veterans is honored to be part of Mayor Walsh's bold and transformational challenge to eliminate homelessness among veterans by the end of this year,"" said C. Andrew McCawley, President and Chief Executive Officer of the New England Center for Homeless Veterans. ""The Mayor's focused leadership on this issue has inspired a comprehensive system redesign that directs the efforts of the City's entire community of providers to the goal of ending veteran homelessness. We are confident this will happen, and that every veteran in Boston will be supported to achieve the success they deserve.""In parallel to the ""Homes for the Brave"" initiative, the City of Boston has been supporting permanent housing efforts for homeless veterans, including helping fund a $31 million upgrade to the New England Center for Homeless Veterans, which expands quality housing for homeless veterans through the creation of creating 35 new efficiency apartments and the moderate renovation of 59 existing units. In addition, South Boston's Patriot Homes project will redevelop the former City of Boston D6 police station into 24 affordable apartments with a preference for veterans, and the planned Brighton Marine development is slated to contain mixed income housing, half of which will be set aside for veterans and their families.In June, Mayor Walsh released ""An Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness In Boston: 2015 - 2018,"" which outlines the City's strategies to transform Boston's homeless response system in order to end veterans homelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julin Castro, the Dorchester Bay Economic Development Corporation (DBEDC) and the Dorchester community to cut the ribbon on theQuincyHeights housing development. Through the HUD Choice Neighborhoods Initiative Grant, the City, working alongside community partners, re-developed and transformedQuincyHeights, formerly known as the Woodledge/Morrant Bay housing development, into affordable 129 units. Overall, through $20.5 million in total provided by HUD, the Choice Neighborhood Initiative has leveraged another $83.2 million in private and public funds for commercial and residential development and public facilities to revitalize Dorchester'sQuincyCorridor.""I am proud that together we have created a brighter future forQuincyCorridorresidents, which will include more quality housing, improved educational facilities, new businesses, new jobs and successful community revitalization,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These redevelopments are proof that great outcomes are possible when stakeholders come together to work towards shared goals for the common good. We are grateful for President Obama's leadership, and for our strong partnership with Secretary Castro and his team at HUD. In addition, our Congressional delegation worked extraordinarily hard to bring us to this day, and, of course, our community partners have been absolutely critical in implementing this grant.""""HUD's mission of expanding opportunity extends beyond the four walls of a home,"" said Secretary Castro. ""American families need access to safer streets, better school and higher-paying jobs. HUD is committed to working with our local partners to revitalize neighborhoods and to invest in the future of our communities - in Boston and throughout the nation.""In 2011, Boston was one of just five cities nationwide to receive a first-ever HUD Choice Neighborhood Initiative Implementation grant. The $122 million in total grants, also awarded to Chicago, New Orleans, San Francisco and Seattle, are being used to transform high-poverty, distressed neighborhoods into communities with affordable housing, safe streets and access to quality educational opportunities. Boston is the first of these five cities to complete the housing portion of the work.The City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) was the applicant on behalf of the City for the $20.5 million grant from HUD. The grant included:TheQuincyCorridorneighborhood is a one-half square mile area centered onQuincyStreet and bounded by Blue Hill Avenue on the west, East and West Cottage Streets on the north, the Fairmount Commuter Rail Line and Columbia Road on the east and Washington Street on the south. The neighborhood is home to approximately 10,000 residents.The Boston Housing Authority and DND have also collectively submitted a second Choice Neighborhoods application for $30 million to redevelop the Whittier public housing development and to revitalize the surrounding neighborhood. The application is currently under review at HUD.HUD created the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative to transform neighborhoods and link housing improvements with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and access to jobs. To meet these goals, the City of Boston tied its application to the City's Circle of Promise Initiative, a community integration plan to transform public education in Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today highlighted the extensive improvements the City'sDepartment of Public Works has been making toBoston's iconicFreedomTrailin over 60 locations from Boston Common to Bunker Hill. The planned project includes replacing all sections of sidewalk under City jurisdiction in need of repair and upgrading 30 pedestrian ramps to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). ""Boston'sFreedomTrailis an important landmark for our city and region,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These exciting improvement projects will make theFreedomTrailaccessible and will help guide residents and tourists to Boston's popular historic treasures year in and year out.""Starting this summer and into the fall, the Public Works Department will install approximately 1,400 feet of new walking surface -nearly 8 percent of the 2.5-mileFreedomTrail.Sections of Hull Street and Hanover Street in the North End have already been replaced and more sidewalk replacements are underway, and the total project will cost $700,000.This maintenance work is in addition to the City's Connect Historic Boston project, which will fully reconstruct Joy Street, Commercial Street, Blackstone Block and Constitution Road. Connect Historic Boston is funded, in part,through the Federal Highway Administration's Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant program and is a result of a partnership between the City of Boston, the Federal Highway Administration and the National Parks Service to improve non-vehicular access to historic sites in the City. Over the course of the next two years, the $29million project, managed by the Public Works Department, will add another 1,800 feet of new constructionto theFreedomTrail.""With over four million people enjoying theFreedomTrailand our great city's historic sites annually, the City of Boston's improvement efforts are commendable,"" saidFreedomTrailFoundation Executive Director Suzanne Taylor. ""The Department of Public Works' projects and hard work will help residents and visitors navigate theFreedomTrailto experience each of theTrail's 16 sites year-round.""Last year, the City replaced nearly 2,000 feet of the painted sections of the historicFreedomTrailin Charlestown, Downtown Crossing and the North End with a new thermoplastic treatment. The multi-colored strips have helped to eliminate time consuming, seasonal painting, reducing maintenance costs and improving historic siteway-finding, and are expected to last up to eight years.TheFreedomTrailis a 2.5-mile path that traces through Downtown Boston, the North End and Charlestown leading to 16 nationally significant sites. TheTrailincludes a variety of historic sites, including museums, meeting houses, churches, a ship, historic markers, parks and burying grounds, all telling the story of the American Revolution."
To be successful, Boston Creates needs to hear diverse voices. This is why I said YES!! when I was appointed by Mayor Walsh to be a member of the Leadership Council and serve as advisors, helping to guide the plan into implementation with other enthusiastic people from a diverse cultural background.I am delighted with the opportunity to also be co-chair on the East Boston community engagement team with Madeleine Steczynski and join efforts with other amazing people the Boston Creates staff assigned to work with us.Asking, listening and sharing, this is what weve been doing since July. We had two successful bilingual community conversations, one at Veronica Robles Cultural Center and one at Zumix. Over 150 people from a diverse background came together to share and create.We had conversations in groups of 8 to 10 people and we asked the groups to report back and figure out a creative way to share one main theme or idea. We encouraged them to unleash their talents and be as artistic as they could in their presentation. The results were amazing. Participants joined their voices in collective, poems, skits and rhythms, but best of all, we had an amazing time together!!What I heard?Less bureaucracy (flexibility in planning and permits) Art on Oil Tanks No tunnel fare (we don't want friends pay to leave Eastie) Connect the island (we have amazing food, artist and music) Housing and health insurance for artists support current art organizations (help to get funds needed to continue amazing services already available) Use arts to influence and enforce policy Include traditional arts and Latino cultural dance in schools Support local talent Create jobs for local performers, dancers.What have I learned in the process?As Co-Chair, Ive learned that Eastie residents are responsive and willing to take the extra mile to help shape the cultural future of Boston and that we need more opportunities like this. I am thankful for the opportunity to help lead our community and encourage conversations to gather information to be included in the cultural plan of our diverse and lovely Boston.Whats next? As member of the leadership council, I will make sure that all the ideas that were shared are consider to be included in the plan. All this process is helping me to better understand the community I serve.Gracias mi querido Alcalde!!Check out thisvideofrom El Mundo.
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 18, 2015-Mayor Martin J. Walsh today highlighted the extensive improvements the City'sDepartment of Public Works has been making toBoston's iconicFreedomTrailin over 60 locations from Boston Common to Bunker Hill. The planned project includes replacing all sections of sidewalk under City jurisdiction in need of repair and upgrading 30 pedestrian ramps to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). ""Boston'sFreedomTrailis an important landmark for our city and region,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These exciting improvement projects will make theFreedomTrailaccessible and will help guide residents and tourists to Boston's popular historic treasures year in and year out.""Starting this summer and into the fall, the Public Works Department will install approximately 1,400 feet of new walking surface -nearly 8 percent of the 2.5-mileFreedomTrail.Sections of Hull Street and Hanover Street in the North End have already been replaced and more sidewalk replacements are underway, and the total project will cost $700,000.This maintenance work is in addition to the City's Connect Historic Boston project, which will fully reconstruct Joy Street, Commercial Street, Blackstone Block and Constitution Road. Connect Historic Boston is funded, in part,through the Federal Highway Administration's Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant program and is a result of a partnership between the City of Boston, the Federal Highway Administration and the National Parks Service to improve non-vehicular access to historic sites in the City. Over the course of the next two years, the $29million project, managed by the Public Works Department, will add another 1,800 feet of new constructionto theFreedomTrail.""With over four million people enjoying theFreedomTrailand our great city's historic sites annually, the City of Boston's improvement efforts are commendable,"" saidFreedomTrailFoundation Executive Director Suzanne Taylor. ""The Department of Public Works' projects and hard work will help residents and visitors navigate theFreedomTrailto experience each of theTrail's 16 sites year-round.""Last year, the City replaced nearly 2,000 feet of the painted sections of the historicFreedomTrailin Charlestown, Downtown Crossing and the North End with a new thermoplastic treatment. The multi-colored strips have helped to eliminate time consuming, seasonal painting, reducing maintenance costs and improving historic siteway-finding, and are expected to last up to eight years.TheFreedomTrailis a 2.5-mile path that traces through Downtown Boston, the North End and Charlestown leading to 16 nationally significant sites. TheTrailincludes a variety of historic sites, including museums, meeting houses, churches, a ship, historic markers, parks and burying grounds, all telling the story of the American Revolution."
The City of Boston's Board of Election Commissioners is reminding voters that the last day to register to vote, change one's voting address or party affiliation for theSeptember 8, 2015Preliminary Municipal Election is thisWednesday, August 19. There will be Preliminary Elections held in City Council District 4 and City Council District 7 only.Those who wish to register or make changes by mail should make sure that their form is postmarked no later thanAugust 19. Massachusetts law does not currently allow these changes to be made via email. To download the form, please visit:http://www.sec.state.ma.us/ele/eleifv/howreg.htm. There is also a new option to register, by going to the Secretary of the Commonwealth's website and using the new Online Voter Registration system, also located atwww.registertovotema.com.The City of Boston's Election Department, located in Room 241 at City Hall, will also be open until8:00 p.m.onWednesday, August 19, to accommodate registrants and those wishing to make changes. Voters entering City Hall after5:00 p.m.should enter from the Congress Street side of the building opposite Faneuil Hall. There will be signage to direct voters to the Election Department.All mail sent to the Boston Election Department should be directed to Room 241, Boston City Hall, Boston, MA 02201. Using the wrong zip code can delay the arrival of one's registration information or absentee ballot request.Absentee voters are required to fill out a new application each calendar year. Applications may be obtained by calling the Election Department at617-635-3767, or through the Department's website:www.cityofboston.gov/elections. If a voter is unsure as to whether or not an absentee ballot request is up-to-date, he or she should contact the Department. All voters are urged to file their applications as soon as possible in order to expedite the mailing of the actual absentee ballots.Absentee ballots are also available for those who wish to vote in person at the Election Department. Early voting in Massachusetts will not take place until November 2016. Any person voting absentee can only do so if health reasons prevent the voter from getting to the polls, the voter is out of the City of Boston all day onSeptember 8or religious reasons prevent the voter from participating on Election Day. Voters with questions about absentee ballots should call617-635-2211.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro and the City's Office of Health and Human Services, hosted the the City's 2nd Annual Youth Enrichment Day on Friday, August 14. The event included enrichment workshops throughout the day for over 3,000SuccessLinkyouth employees through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program. The event was held at Northeastern University, and featured awards sponsored by Primark and an appearance by founding member of New Edition and Bell Biv DeVoe, Michael Bivins, and his group Beano Boyz.""This event marks a celebration of our Boston youth,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Their opinions, hopes and dreams are shaping the future of our City. Youth Enrichment Day is meant to provide an environment where we can grow professionally and come together as a community. I extend my gratitude to Secretary Castro and Primark for their continued support and investing in Boston's youngest residents.""""Our nation's most basic duty is to ensure that every child has the chance to fulfill his or her potential,"" said Secretary Castro. ""Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston are doing powerful work to ensure that young people have the opportunity to reach their dreams with the support of a strong community that believes in them.""Throughout the day, Boston youth participated in professional and personal development workshops led by over 50 youth serving organizations. Secretary Castro led a career exploration session of 30 young people, focusing on the importance of civic engagement, peer mentorship and strong work ethic. Two SuccessLink employees, Porsha McConnell of Dorchester and Christopher Albino of Roslindale, served as the Masters of Ceremony for the event.Alongside Mayor Walsh and Secretary Castro, the City's Chief of Health and Human Services Felix Arroyo, Chief of Economic Development John Barros, both of whom serve as Co-Chairs ofMy Brother's Keeper Boston, Vice President of City and Community Affairs at Northeastern University John Tobin and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans all participated in the event.During the event, Mayor Walsh also announced this year's honorees for the 2015 Image Awards, which celebrates young people who are exceeding expectations in their workplace. The Mayor's Youth Council identified the winners for the award: Lamont Jones and Ileina Pizarro of Mission Hill, Cynthia Goncalves and Tuyet Pham of Dorchester, Tyquan Ruffen of Roxbury and Janiel Pierre of Hyde Park.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority for his Administration, helping to place approximately 10,000 Boston youth in meaningful summer employment. In the FY16 budget, Mayor Walsh allocated nearly $4.5 million to fund youth jobs through the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment and announced in June an additional $270,000 in funding to create 200 more jobs for youth this summer. In addition to the City's SuccessLink program, several partnering organizations help the City to hire youth through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.For photos of the event, visit:www.flickr.com/photos/bosmayorsoffice/. "
Information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following @CityofBoston.At this time, Mayor Walsh has not declared a Heat Emergency, but can do so after temperatures have reached 90 degrees or higher for three or more consecutive days. During a Heat Emergency, cooling centers will be open across the City.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the city's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. Sign up online:http://www.cityofboston.gov/oem/alertboston.asp. Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services.Adults and children should use sunscreen containing an SPF-15 or higher and wear protective, loose fitting clothing, including long sleeve shirts and hats.The elderly, young children and those with chronic medical conditions are more susceptible to the effects of heat.Always check in on family or neighbors who may be at risk of heat exhaustion or heat stroke as temperatures climb.Children and pets should never be left alone in vehicles, even for short periods of times.If you become lightheaded, confused, weak or faint, stop all activity and immediately find shade or a cool area to rest. If symptoms persist, call 911 immediately.Limit outdoor activity to morning and evening hours. Rest often in shady areas and be extra cautious from11 a.m. to 3 p.m., when the sun's UV radiation is strongest. Drink plenty of fluids regardless of activity level. Avoid alcoholic beverages and liquids high in sugar or caffeine.Homeless individuals can become dehydrated rapidly due to a lack of access to water or shelter from the heat. If you observe someone who appears in distress, call 911 immediately.If you have a child in your home, use child window guards in addition to screens on any open window on the second story or above. Falls are the leading cause of injury for children under the age of six. Information about low-cost window guards for Boston residents can be foundhere. Secure all window air conditioner units according to the manufacturer's specifications. Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.Boston Centers for Youth & Families operates 17 pools and one beach for families looking to cool off in the summer heat. To find the pool or beach nearest you, visit BCYF's website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance banningthe possession, sale, manufacture and distribution of synthetic cannabinoids, also known as ""K2"" or ""Spice,"" in Boston. ""I thank the City Council for working on this important measure to better protect our residents from these extremely dangerous substances that are becoming increasingly accessible and more targeted towards our young people,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This ordinance is another step to create a healthier Boston for today's youth and future generations."" The new ordinance will be enforced by the Boston Police Department, which also has authority to promulgate rules and regulations. Fines for violating the ordinance are $300 per incident. Each incident of a violation will constitute a separate offense. The ordinanceiseffectiveimmediately.""Asa Boston City Councilor and father of two young children, I am delighted to see the swift passage of an ordinance that will prohibit the distribution and possession of these very dangerous designer drugs that are negatively impacting our communities,"" said Councilor Frank Baker. ""It is my hope that this ordinance will give our law enforcement officials the authority to enforce not just the sale and possession of the synthetic marijuana found in our stores today, but all types of synthetic chemical compounds produced in the future.""Synthetic cannabinoids are extremely dangerous and are often sold as household products, such as herbal incense. The use of synthetic drugs can have serious side effects that canendangerthehealth and safety of individuals, such as severe agitation, anxiety, racing heartbeat, higher blood pressure, nausea, vomiting, muscle spasms, seizures, tremors, hallucinations, psychotic episodes, and suicidal thoughts and actions."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that HR&A Advisors, with support from Utile Architecture + Planning, has been selected as the consultant team for Imagine Boston 2030, a signature initiative to create Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years.Their selection, which comes after the Boston Redevelopment Authority's Board of Directors approved a recommendation to work with the consultant at a meeting last night, paves the way for the city to begin negotiating a contract with HR&A. ""A successful civic engagement component for Imagine Boston 2030 is critical to creating a future for the City that incorporates all of our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""HR&A and Utile appreciate the diversity of Boston's people and their viewpoints, and they will help us build a stronger city that's grounded by ideas from the people of Boston."" The firms are expected to apply theirinternationalexperience in leading the two-year planning process for Imagine Boston, which will cover issues related to mobility, housing, land use, prosperity and equity, environment and adaptation, parks and open space, arts and culture, and public health. The selection process was carried out by a team of stakeholders from various city agencies. HR&A and Utile ultimately won the group's support with their focused, creative and disciplined approach that answered the Mayor's vision for creating a community-led plan. ""The selection of a lead consultant is an exciting step for Imagine Boston 2030 as we embark on a two year process where we will look to harness the city's collective imagination and together build a vision for the Boston of the future,"" said Sara Myerson, Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030. Beginning this fall, the team led by HR&A will work directly with the Mayor's Office and City of Boston staff to implement an initial round of public engagement leading to a vision for the planning process and for Boston as it approaches its 400th birthday. Imagine Boston 2030 will be carried out in phases:Leveraging their considerable resources and lessons learned during previous planning initiatives, HR&A and Utile will prepare a citywide plan for Boston that will be created, supported and driven forward by Bostonians of all ages and backgrounds.The selection of HR&A was guided by an understanding of the firm's extensive experience working with cities including New York City, Washington, San Antonio, Cincinnati, New Orleans and St. Louis on planning initiatives examining how to make cities more competitive, equitable, livable, sustainable, and resilient. HR&A, which is headquartered in New York City, led theOneNYC strategic planning processand advised on legacy planning forLondon's 2012 Olympic Park. Boston-based Utile has led planning and public engagement processes for several important local initiatives, such as Boston's ongoing municipal harbor planning efforts and theUnion Square Neighborhood Plan for Somerville.In May, Mayor Walsh and the Boston Redevelopment Authority issued a request for proposals for consulting services following the official launch of Imagine Boston 2030 at the innovation Design Alternatives Summit. The request for proposals specified a need for core services, including project management and content production, expertise in land use planning and urban design, and a proven ability to lead an extensive outreach effort and public process. Throughout the process HR&A and Utile, along with sub-consultants that will be added to bring additional expertise to the team, will maintain a commitment to these principles, and will use creative and engaging approaches that exhibit internationalleadership and local connections to gather both input and feedback from Bostonians.Mayor Walsh has challenged both citizens and city employees to embrace creative public engagement strategies that go beyond traditional community meetings. HR&A and Utile will work with the Mayor's Office, particularly the Chief of Civic Engagement, the Chief of Economic Development, the BRA and other City departments to reach constituents that would not ordinarily attend traditional community meetings. The City would like to hear directly from constituents on how they want to be engaged, and is encouraging them to fill out asurvey. For more information, please visitimagine.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance banningthe possession, sale, manufacture and distribution of synthetic cannabinoids, also known as ""K2"" or ""Spice,"" in Boston. ""I thank the City Council for working on this important measure to better protect our residents from these extremely dangerous substances that are becoming increasingly accessible and more targeted towards our young people,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This ordinance is another step to create a healthier Boston for today's youth and future generations."" The new ordinance will be enforced by the Boston Police Department, which also has authority to promulgate rules and regulations. Fines for violating the ordinance are $300 per incident. Each incident of a violation will constitute a separate offense. The ordinanceiseffectiveimmediately.""Asa Boston City Councilor and father of two young children, I am delighted to see the swift passage of an ordinance that will prohibit the distribution and possession of these very dangerous designer drugs that are negatively impacting our communities,"" said Councilor Frank Baker. ""It is my hope that this ordinance will give our law enforcement officials the authority to enforce not just the sale and possession of the synthetic marijuana found in our stores today, but all types of synthetic chemical compounds produced in the future.""Synthetic cannabinoids are extremely dangerous and are often sold as household products, such as herbal incense. The use of synthetic drugs can have serious side effects that canendangerthehealth and safety of individuals, such as severe agitation, anxiety, racing heartbeat, higher blood pressure, nausea, vomiting, muscle spasms, seizures, tremors, hallucinations, psychotic episodes, and suicidal thoughts and actions."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Sara Myerson as the City of Boston's Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in fifty years. As Director of Imagine Boston 2030, Myerson will report to Mayor Walsh and will oversee the two-year public engagement process to create a roadmap for success leading up to Boston's 400th birthday.""Now is our chance to set the course for the next generation by creating a comprehensive plan for Boston, and Sara has shown that she will efficiently lead this multi-year effort,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Sara is committed to our core values of affordable housing and creating a Boston that is thriving, healthy and innovative and we're thrilled she has stepped up to lead Imagine Boston.""""I am excited to have the opportunity to engage in this innovative citywide conversation about holistically envisioning the future of Boston,"" said Myerson. ""Over the next two years, we will look to integrate the range of ambitious planning efforts in existence or underway and engage the community in developing a cohesive strategic vision for preserving, enhancing and growing our neighborhoods in a way that promotes a more equitable, livable, sustainable and resilient Boston."" Myerson most recently served as Executive Director of the Office of Olympic Planning, where she helped develop the City of Boston's plans and policy as the potential hosts for the 2024 Olympics and Paralympic Games. She previously served as the Chief of Staff and Director of Policy at Preservation of Affordable Housing in Boston, which owns and operates nearly 8,500 affordable housing rental homes throughout the country. Prior, she was a Senior Analyst at HR&A Advisors, Inc. where she advised clients on the economics of complex public-private development initiatives.In addition, Myerson served as an Associate in the Urban Investment Group at Goldman Sachs and also spent time as an analyst in their Merchant Banking Division and Investment Banking Division. Myerson holds a Master in Urban Planning from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Arts from Middlebury College.The City has begun reaching out to residents to hear how they would like to participate in Imagine Boston 2030. Residents are asked to fill out a shortsurvey, which will help the City and its consultant craft strategies for engagement throughout this process. Mayor Walsh launchedImagine Boston 2030in May at a speech delivered at Faneuil Hall as part of the Innovative Design Alternatives Summit. Starting with an evaluation of baseline conditions, the City expects to begin a robust public visioning process this fall where community members will be able to contribute ideas to shape Boston's future. A final citywide plan is expected to be adopted in Summer 2017.Imagine Boston seeks to knit those efforts together with other key themes to guide our city into 2030. A citywide plan will serve to implement the ideas set forth in those other plans and to offer additional ideas for the physical and economic development of Boston. Just as importantly, Imagine Boston will help Boston's citizens articulate a shared vision for prosperity, innovation, education, health, equity, and arts and culture."
"Energy abounds in the city again, and when I heard about the ""Cultural Plan""through my local Main Streets organization (Roslindale Village), I immediately knew I wanted to be a part of the planning in any way possible.I am not an artist, I would not even consider myself an artistic person more a lover of the arts in all its many forms and definitions. Architecture and design, music, dance, spoken word, street art, large venue performances, Ive enjoyed all kinds in my 30+ years of living in Boston. When the Mayor brought Julie Burros here from Chicago  a city well-known for its vibrant art scene  many of us were thrilled. He not only hired someone with the right skills and background, he made her position as Chief of Arts and Culture a cabinet level position, which speaks to his follow through on a campaign promise to increase funding for the Arts here in the City.The beauty of the Cultural Plan is that it is not created strictly within the walls of City Hall. It is to Julies and the Mayors credit that they are bringing it out into the daylight  they are actually asking our opinions! And boy do we have opinions and ideas.In my role as team chair for Roslindale, I have been touched by the passion that people have brought to our discussions. Young, old, non-profit organization workers, for-profit organization workers  the chord that strikes me every time I speak to someone is how willing they are to trust that the outcome will be a positive one. I understand from the Boston Creates organizers that they have compiled input from more than one thousand people.Honestly, who could ask for more?Jocelyn Hutt is a Community Engagement Team Leader in Roslindale."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has filed an ordinance to address the hazardous operation and storage of recreational vehicles and motorized conveyances.""We are committed to creating safer streets for our officers and for our residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to working with the City Council to pass this ordinance, and end the inappropriate and dangerous use of recreational vehicles to better protect our communities.""If approved by the Boston City Council, these regulations would take effect immediately. The ordinance prohibits a person from engaging in hazardous operation of a motorized conveyance, including recreational vehicles, upon any public space in the City of Boston. Prohibited stunt or truck riding includes, but is not limited to, riding with the front, side or rear wheels raised from the surface of the road or ground, riding with a passenger's feet or knees planted on the seat, and operating a vehicle with a passenger riding on the handle bars. According to this ordinance, officers are allowed to issue immediate fines for a violation and to impound the vehicle pending compliance.""Recreational vehicles have become both a nuisance on our neighborhoods disrupting the quality of life and genuine public safety hazard,"" said Boston City Councilor Stephen Murphy. ""This ordinance, filed by Mayor Walsh, will go a long way to giving the Boston Police Department the necessary tools to keep the public safe and streets peaceful in the City of Boston.""The ordinance also addresses instances when groups of riders congregate on a property without the property owner's knowledge or approval or cause a disruption to nearby tenants, by requiring written permission to operate, maintain or possess a recreational vehicle on someone else's property. Additionally, the ordinance bans a person from placing or storing more than one unregistered recreational vehicle upon public or private land.A recreational vehicle includes, but is not limited to, all-terrain vehicles, off-highway motorcycles, dirt bikes and recreation utility vehicles. Any person found in violation would be fined $250 for the first offense and $300 for a second or subsequent offense."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched Boston 311, a platform to better enable residents of Boston to report non-emergency issues to the City, such as graffiti and broken street lights, and access City services.""I am thrilled to launch Boston 311 to better equip our residents with a direct line of communication to City Hall while at the same time improving our delivery of City services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By streamlining communication to City Hall, we are building on our priorities to create a City government that is efficient and accessible to all of Boston's residents.""Boston 311 can be accessed anywhere within the City limits from both landlines and cell phones, and should only be used for non-emergencies. 311 will be available through several different platforms, including: With the launch of Boston 311, Mayor Walsh has taken another step to better streamline City services for Boston's residents. Each day, the City of Boston receives hundreds of reports of graffiti, burnt out street lights and missed trash collection over the phone, on social media and via mobile app. Starting Tuesday, Boston 311 will make it easier for constituents to report issues that help maintain and improve the neighborhoods.""Thanks to Mayor Walsh's leadership we are very excited to launch Boston 311,"" said Niall Murphy, Director of the Mayor's Hotline. ""We lean on the residents of Boston to be our eyes and ears in the neighborhoods, and we encourage them to utilize the services we provide to make Boston the best city it can be. We now provide a more efficient service than ever before by tracking additional data, streamlining services, and creating accessibility and predictability for constituents.As part of the Boston 311 transition, the City completed several technological upgrades that improve our ability to listen to and respond to constituents. This new system will allow for the ability to manage calls, add additional reporting capabilities, eliminating redundancy as well as the ability to easily add additional resources in an emergency. Upgrades were also added to the City's mobile app (previously called Citizens Connect and now called BOS:311). Constituents now have access to an expanded set of service requests, such as missed trash pickup, in a more thoughtfully designed menu that prioritizes seasonal and high volume requests.On average, the Mayor's 24-Hour Hotline receives 5,762 calls per week, and more during times of severe weather. Calls typically concern matters of trash and recycling collection, street cleaning, pothole repair and streetlight outages. Additionally, constituents are increasingly relying on digital channels to report issues: this year, 39 percent of requests have been submitted online and through the mobile app.The launch of Boston 311 is one of many steps Mayor Walsh has taken to make City services more transparent and improve City operations. Service request data is publicly available on the open data portal and appears on the Mayor's dashboard in his office. For news and updates from the City, follow@CityofBostonon Twitter."
"BOSTON - Tuesday, August 11, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched Boston 311, a platform to better enable residents of Boston to report non-emergency issues to the City, such as graffiti and broken street lights, and access City services.""I am thrilled to launch Boston 311 to better equip our residents with a direct line of communication to City Hall while at the same time improving our delivery of City services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By streamlining communication to City Hall, we are building on our priorities to create a City government that is efficient and accessible to all of Boston's residents.""Boston 311 can be accessed anywhere within the City limits from both landlines and cell phones, and should only be used for non-emergencies. 311 will be available through several different platforms, including: With the launch of Boston 311, Mayor Walsh has taken another step to better streamline City services for Boston's residents. Each day, the City of Boston receives hundreds of reports of graffiti, burnt out street lights and missed trash collection over the phone, on social media and via mobile app. Starting Tuesday, Boston 311 will make it easier for constituents to report issues that help maintain and improve the neighborhoods.""Thanks to Mayor Walsh's leadership we are very excited to launch Boston 311,"" said Niall Murphy, Director of the Mayor's Hotline. ""We lean on the residents of Boston to be our eyes and ears in the neighborhoods, and we encourage them to utilize the services we provide to make Boston the best city it can be. We now provide a more efficient service than ever before by tracking additional data, streamlining services, and creating accessibility and predictability for constituents.As part of the Boston 311 transition, the City completed several technological upgrades that improve our ability to listen to and respond to constituents. This new system will allow for the ability to manage calls, add additional reporting capabilities, eliminating redundancy as well as the ability to easily add additional resources in an emergency. Upgrades were also added to the City's mobile app (previously called Citizens Connect and now called BOS:311). Constituents now have access to an expanded set of service requests, such as missed trash pickup, in a more thoughtfully designed menu that prioritizes seasonal and high volume requests.On average, the Mayor's 24-Hour Hotline receives 5,762 calls per week, and more during times of severe weather. Calls typically concern matters of trash and recycling collection, street cleaning, pothole repair and streetlight outages. Additionally, constituents are increasingly relying on digital channels to report issues: this year, 39 percent of requests have been submitted online and through the mobile app.The launch of Boston 311 is one of many steps Mayor Walsh has taken to make City services more transparent and improve City operations. Service request data is publicly available on the open data portal and appears on the Mayor's dashboard in his office. For news and updates from the City, follow@CityofBostonon Twitter."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 11, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh has filed an ordinance to address the hazardous operation and storage of recreational vehicles and motorized conveyances.""We are committed to creating safer streets for our officers and for our residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to working with the City Council to pass this ordinance, and end the inappropriate and dangerous use of recreational vehicles to better protect our communities.""If approved by the Boston City Council, these regulations would take effect immediately. The ordinance prohibits a person from engaging in hazardous operation of a motorized conveyance, including recreational vehicles, upon any public space in the City of Boston. Prohibited stunt or truck riding includes, but is not limited to, riding with the front, side or rear wheels raised from the surface of the road or ground, riding with a passenger's feet or knees planted on the seat, and operating a vehicle with a passenger riding on the handle bars. According to this ordinance, officers are allowed to issue immediate fines for a violation and to impound the vehicle pending compliance.""Recreational vehicles have become both a nuisance on our neighborhoods disrupting the quality of life and genuine public safety hazard,"" said Boston City Councilor Stephen Murphy. ""This ordinance, filed by Mayor Walsh, will go a long way to giving the Boston Police Department the necessary tools to keep the public safe and streets peaceful in the City of Boston.""The ordinance also addresses instances when groups of riders congregate on a property without the property owner's knowledge or approval or cause a disruption to nearby tenants, by requiring written permission to operate, maintain or possess a recreational vehicle on someone else's property. Additionally, the ordinance bans a person from placing or storing more than one unregistered recreational vehicle upon public or private land.A recreational vehicle includes, but is not limited to, all-terrain vehicles, off-highway motorcycles, dirt bikes and recreation utility vehicles. Any person found in violation would be fined $250 for the first offense and $300 for a second or subsequent offense."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Dr. Atyia Martin as the City of Boston's first Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), a new position created to lead city-wide resilience building efforts to help Boston prepare for, withstand and bounce back from the 'shocks' - catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism - and 'stresses' - slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment - which are increasingly part of 21st century life. As Chief Resilience Officer, Martin will report to Mayor Walsh and the Mayor's Chief of Policy, and will oversee the development and implementation of a comprehensive Resilience Strategy for the city. ""Atyia brings an impressive amount of experience, leadership and passion to this position,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has dedicated her entire professional life to public service, and we are honored to have her on board as our Chief Resilience Officer.""""I am honored and humbled to have been selected as the Chief Resilience Officer for the City of Boston and to be able to continue my career in public service in my hometown,"" said Martin. ""I am especially excited about Mayor Walsh's bold and innovative move to focus on social resilience and incorporate root causes of inequity that impact thedaily lives of our communities and post-disaster outcomes.""Boston's resilience initiative includes a unique focus on social and economic resilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class, along with a clear eye toward potential shocks the city may be exposed to. Disparities in health, economic and educational outcomes threaten community cohesion and weaken Boston's overall resilience. Martin will therefore be charged with fostering a citywide dialogue on the root causes of these divisions, helping the city to unite and build the collective capacity for change.Appointing a CRO is an essential element of Boston's resilience building partnership with 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC). 100RC is part of a $164 million commitment by The Rockefeller Foundation to build urban resilience in 100 cities around the world. In December 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston had been selected as one of 35 cities from around the world to join the 100RC Network, which supplies its member cities with tools, funding, technical expertise and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century.Martin will lead the effort to develop a comprehensive Resilience Strategy for the city by building on the progress and dialogue launched during Boston's Resilience Agenda-Setting Workshop this past May. Furthermore, she will receive technical support provided by 100RC and utilize resilience building tools from private, public, academic and NGO sector organizations that have partnered with 100RC. Boston's strategy will be action-oriented and holistic, with an emphasis on partnership building and meeting the needs of poor and vulnerable communities.""Atyia joins a network of peers from cities across the globe that will share best practices and surface innovative thinking on resilience,"" said Michael Berkowitz, President of 100RC. ""With her and Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston will become a global resilience groundbreaker - and we are excited about this partnership.""Martin has been the Director of the Office of Public Health Preparedness at the Boston Health Commission since 2011. In that role, she provided strategic direction for Boston public health and healthcare resilience, preparedness, mitigation, response and recovery efforts,whileobtaining and managing large grants to develop new strategic and work planning process, programs, partnerships and operating procedures. Martin alsoled a team tocoordinated the Boston Healthcare Preparedness Coalition, trauma services to support response and resilience to psychological trauma, andthe Boston Medical Reserve Corps volunteer program.Prior to her most recent role, Martin was the Director of the DelValle Institute for Emergency Preparedness, which resides at the Boston Public Health Commission. Martin has also worked at the Boston Police Department's Boston Regional Intelligence Center and worked under former Mayor Thomas M. Menino at the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management. Martin has also worked for the Federal Bureau of Investigations and National Security Agency. She is a veteran of the U.S. Air Force. Martin has developed resiliency and preparedness models used nationwide and is a published author and popular public speaker. She currently lives in Hyde Park with her husband and five children.The CRO is an innovative feature of 100RC's resilience building program, specifically designed to break down existing barriers at the local level, account for pre-existing resilience plans, and create partnerships, alliances and financing mechanisms that will address the resilience vulnerabilities of all city residents, with a particular focus on low-income and vulnerable populationsThe goal of 100RC is to find ways to infuse the principles of resilience into all aspects of local planning and the overarching issues facing Boston, including racial and socio-economic inequity, the lack of affordable housing, unemployment and underemployment, violence, climate change, flooding and terrorism. Utilizing this lens, Martin will support all of Boston's major planning efforts, including Imagine Boston 2030 and Go Boston 2030, working across City departments and with external stakeholders. The two-year position is fully funded through 100RC.About 100 Resilient Cities-Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. 100RC currently has 67 member cities. For more information, visit:www.100ResilientCities.org.100RC recently launched the third and final round of the 100 Resilient Cities challenge, where cities can apply to become part of the final cohort of cities in the global network of 100 cities."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Dr. Atyia Martin as the City of Boston's first Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), a new position created to lead city-wide resilience building efforts to help Boston prepare for, withstand and bounce back from the 'shocks' - catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism - and 'stresses' - slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment - which are increasingly part of 21st century life. As Chief Resilience Officer, Martin will report to Mayor Walsh and the Mayor's Chief of Policy, and will oversee the development and implementation of a comprehensive Resilience Strategy for the city. ""Atyia brings an impressive amount of experience, leadership and passion to this position,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She has dedicated her entire professional life to public service, and we are honored to have her on board as our Chief Resilience Officer.""""I am honored and humbled to have been selected as the Chief Resilience Officer for the City of Boston and to be able to continue my career in public service in my hometown,"" said Martin. ""I am especially excited about Mayor Walsh's bold and innovative move to focus on social resilience and incorporate root causes of inequity that impact thedaily lives of our communities and post-disaster outcomes.""Boston's resilience initiative includes a unique focus on social and economic resilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class, along with a clear eye toward potential shocks the city may be exposed to. Disparities in health, economic and educational outcomes threaten community cohesion and weaken Boston's overall resilience. Martin will therefore be charged with fostering a citywide dialogue on the root causes of these divisions, helping the city to unite and build the collective capacity for change.Appointing a CRO is an essential element of Boston's resilience building partnership with 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC). 100RC is part of a $164 million commitment by The Rockefeller Foundation to build urban resilience in 100 cities around the world. In December 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston had been selected as one of 35 cities from around the world to join the 100RC Network, which supplies its member cities with tools, funding, technical expertise and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century.Martin will lead the effort to develop a comprehensive Resilience Strategy for the city by building on the progress and dialogue launched during Boston's Resilience Agenda-Setting Workshop this past May. Furthermore, she will receive technical support provided by 100RC and utilize resilience building tools from private, public, academic and NGO sector organizations that have partnered with 100RC. Boston's strategy will be action-oriented and holistic, with an emphasis on partnership building and meeting the needs of poor and vulnerable communities.""Atyia joins a network of peers from cities across the globe that will share best practices and surface innovative thinking on resilience,"" said Michael Berkowitz, President of 100RC. ""With her and Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston will become a global resilience groundbreaker - and we are excited about this partnership.""Martin has been the Director of the Office of Public Health Preparedness at the Boston Health Commission since 2011. In that role, she provided strategic direction for Boston public health and healthcare resilience, preparedness, mitigation, response and recovery efforts,whileobtaining and managing large grants to develop new strategic and work planning process, programs, partnerships and operating procedures. Martin alsoled a team tocoordinated the Boston Healthcare Preparedness Coalition, trauma services to support response and resilience to psychological trauma, andthe Boston Medical Reserve Corps volunteer program.Prior to her most recent role, Martin was the Director of the DelValle Institute for Emergency Preparedness, which resides at the Boston Public Health Commission. Martin has also worked at the Boston Police Department's Boston Regional Intelligence Center and worked under former Mayor Thomas M. Menino at the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management. Martin has also worked for the Federal Bureau of Investigations and National Security Agency. She is a veteran of the U.S. Air Force. Martin has developed resiliency and preparedness models used nationwide and is a published author and popular public speaker. She currently lives in Hyde Park with her husband and five children.The CRO is an innovative feature of 100RC's resilience building program, specifically designed to break down existing barriers at the local level, account for pre-existing resilience plans, and create partnerships, alliances and financing mechanisms that will address the resilience vulnerabilities of all city residents, with a particular focus on low-income and vulnerable populationsThe goal of 100RC is to find ways to infuse the principles of resilience into all aspects of local planning and the overarching issues facing Boston, including racial and socio-economic inequity, the lack of affordable housing, unemployment and underemployment, violence, climate change, flooding and terrorism. Utilizing this lens, Martin will support all of Boston's major planning efforts, including Imagine Boston 2030 and Go Boston 2030, working across City departments and with external stakeholders. The two-year position is fully funded through 100RC.100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. 100RC currently has 67 member cities. For more information, visit: 100ResilientCities.org.100RC recently launched the third and final round of the 100 Resilient Cities challenge, where cities can apply to become part of the final cohort of cities in the global network of 100 cities."
What does a cultural planning process say about Boston? ArtistsShaw Pong LiuandHeather Kapplow, and photographerLeonardo Marchhave joined the team of Boston Creates to invite Bostonians to reflect about their city through art and to create a photographic portrait of Bostons creative life.Heather Kapplowis a self-trained conceptual artist, who creates engagement experiences designed to elicit unexpected intimacies. She writes In addition to being an artist, I've been documenting public debate/discussion and art/performance and/or facilitating it in various ways for a living and as avolunteer for most of my adult life. I've also lived in Boston for most of my life and benefitted very deeply from public arts programs as a child herethey shaped and informed me more than almost anything else that I had exposure to as a child, and I know firsthand what it's like to have city resources as your only access to culture.As he set out to explore the creative and cultural landscape of Boston,photographer Leonardo Marchbecame interested in the people behind the landscape: What do they do in their free time and how do they invest their creative energy. Hes been working to expand the image of the city in the minds of the people who live, incorporating images of ethnic festivals, religious festivals, entertaining events and political protests. Through his work with Boston Creates, he wants to explore the cultural life of the city.Shaw Pong Liusees herself as a human being, community-builder and artist, someone who wants to connect people of diverse ages, backgrounds, cultures, disciplines and ideas through the transformative power of music, stories and interactive art-making. A classically-trained violinist and a composer, shes collaborated with birdwatchers and naturalists to create performances that explore three-dimensional listening to ones environment (Arise) veterans, VA doctors and actors to question the long-term impacts of war on those who come home (Soldiers Tales Untold) and teen artists, a Chinese calligrapher and hundreds of passersby to explore historic and contemporary ideas of peace (Water Graffiti for Peace).They were selected among a very strong application pool of 32 artists and photographers. Shaw Pongs music experiences, Heathers moments of unexpected intimacy, and Leonardos lens will invite Bostonians to connect in surprising ways, and collectively think about the future of arts and culture in the city.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of Neighborhood Services, Environment, Energy & Open Space, and the City of Boston Public Works Department joined community partners in building an Aerated Static Pile Facility,from which heated carbon dioxide-enriched air is captured and pumped into an adjacent greenhouse,at the Mattapan Ecovation Center to boost composting and recycling in the City of Boston.""Each and every single resident and visitor to the City of Boston plays a vital role in the well-being of our environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By working together, we can make Boston one of the most sustainable and climate-resilient cities in the country. It starts with us, and this greenhouse is a part of our solution. I extend my gratitude to Public Works, Neighborhood Services and Environment, Energy & Open Space for continuing to make a positive impact on our community.""The center, located at 416 American Legion Highway, is a 2,800 square foot greenhouse that uses biological energy created from composted materials to help aide in the process and production of plants. The composting greenhouse will be used to recycle approximately 1000 cubic yards of organic materials annually.""This greenhouse establishes a national urban model that combines state and private funding with local resources and talent to address the effects and causes of climate change,"" said Bruce Fulford of City Soil.This project was made possible through a grant award from the Urban Agricultural Program at the Massachusetts Department of Agricultural Resources (MDAR)and the Suffolk County Conservation District.City Soil & Greenhouse contributed and secured more than $100,000 in materials and services match to the MDAR funds for the project.As part of its Climate Action Plan, the City is committed to reducing waste by increasing recycling and diverting organics. In 2013, the City piloted Project Oscar, a residential community composting program.The City is exploring opportunities to expand it to 2 additional neighborhoods this year.For more information about Project Oscar, visit:www.cityofboston.gov/food/compost."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with City Councilor Michelle Wu, today invited local musicians, businesses and the public to participateonce againinAcoustic on Main,a 10-night event inBoston's Main Streets Districts. Starting onFriday, August 14, Main Streets businesses are encouraged to host local acoustic performances with up to five musicians or vocalists from10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Participating businesses will not be required to apply for a live entertainment license or pay a fee to the City to hold these performances.""The City of Boston is once again offeringAcoustic on Mainto help support our Main Street Districts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now that summer is in full swing, we're inviting people to shop locally and take in a performance duringAcoustic on Main. I want to thank the performing musicians for the creativity,driveand passion they bring to Boston's neighborhood businesses.""""Acoustic on Mainis back!"" said Councilor Wu. ""We're welcoming music and performers into our small businesses to celebrate what makes Boston vibrant and fun. Spend some time in our Main Streets districts and support your neighborhood businesses!""""I enjoyed participating inAcoustic on Mainso much last time,"" said Brittany Butler, local musician and former contestant on NBC'sThe Voice. ""I decided to sign up right away when I got a newsletter saying that it was happening again! I've found it's not only a great way to gig out as a musician and gain some local exposure, but it's another great way to give back to my community.Acoustic on Mainis awesome because you get to work directly with the local businesses, so you really feel like you're doing something good!""""Having the opportunity for musicians to play while couples are strolling through the neighborhood was such a privilege,"" said Sofi Madison, owner of Olives + Grace in the South End. ""Acoustic on Mainbrought so many people into the store and it was great to watch people sit on the stoop and enjoy the neighborhood. It was really positive and beautiful. We are excited to do it again in a few weeks. The Mayor had a really great idea to support the small business community and we are so happy this is happening again.""Businesses and musicians who wish to participate can register at theAcoustic on Mainwebsite atwww.cityofboston.gov/acousticonmain. As the schedule develops, members of the public will also be able to find events in their neighborhood by following and engaging with the event on social media using the #AcousticOnMain hashtag.Businesses and musicians will make decisions regarding compensation for performers, however, just as the City of Boston encourage residents to support small businesses, we also encourage small businesses to support local musicians.Acoustic on Mainis made by possible by a partnership between Mayor Walsh, City Councilor Wu, the City Council's Committee on Arts & Culture, the City Council's Committee on Small Business, Entrepreneurship & Innovation, the City of Boston's Office of Business Development, the Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture and the Mayor's Office of Consumer Affairs and Licensing."
"Boston -Friday, August 7, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of Neighborhood Services, Environment, Energy & Open Space, and the City of Boston Public Works Department joined community partners in building an Aerated Static Pile Facility,from which heated carbon dioxide-enriched air is captured and pumped into an adjacent greenhouse,at the Mattapan Ecovation Center to boost composting and recycling in the City of Boston.""Each and every single resident and visitor to the City of Boston plays a vital role in the well-being of our environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By working together, we can make Boston one of the most sustainable and climate-resilient cities in the country. It starts with us, and this greenhouse is a part of our solution. I extend my gratitude to Public Works, Neighborhood Services and Environment, Energy & Open Space for continuing to make a positive impact on our community.""The center, located at 416 American Legion Highway, is a 2,800 square foot greenhouse that uses biological energy created from composted materials to help aide in the process and production of plants. The composting greenhouse will be used to recycle approximately 1000 cubic yards of organic materials annually.""This greenhouse establishes a national urban model that combines state and private funding with local resources and talent to address the effects and causes of climate change,"" said Bruce Fulford of City Soil.This project was made possible through a grant award from the Urban Agricultural Program at the Massachusetts Department of Agricultural Resources (MDAR)and the Suffolk County Conservation District.City Soil & Greenhouse contributed and secured more than $100,000 in materials and services match to the MDAR funds for the project.As part of its Climate Action Plan, the City is committed to reducing waste by increasing recycling and diverting organics. In 2013, the City piloted Project Oscar, a residential community composting program.The City is exploring opportunities to expand it to 2 additional neighborhoods this year.For more information about Project Oscar, visit:www.cityofboston.gov/food/compost."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Chris Osgood as the City of Boston's Chief of Streets. As a member of the Mayor's cabinet, he will work with the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments to lead efforts to improve Boston's basic city services and to create a more sustainable, equitable and efficient transportation network. Osgood currently serves as the Co-Chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics - the City's civic innovation team. He will assume his new position onAugust 24.""Boston is experiencing unprecedented growth, and with that growth comes the opportunity and the need to modernize our transportation network and make our basic city services the best in the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited for Chris to bring his knowledge of the city and his experience leading innovation in Boston to this challenge.""""I am honored to be appointed to this position and thrilled to work with these great departments,"" said Chris Osgood. ""Together, we'll work hard to design streets and deliver services that work great for all the people of Boston.""The Chief of the Streets will oversee the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments, which plan, design, maintain and manage Boston's streets. The Chief will work to further improve collaboration across those departments and ensure that they have the team and tools they need to best do their jobs. Osgood will also serve as a liaison to the Boston Water & Sewer Commission.""Boston's Transportation and Public Works Departments collaborate frequently on street related projects that require input from both agencies,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""Pulling our work together under the umbrella of one cabinet will formalize this process and help to move projects forward more efficiently, benefiting our residents. Chris has actively participated in several BTD initiatives in recent years and I'm excited to have this opportunity to continue to work with him in his new position.""""The Public Works Department has worked very hard to take new approaches and use new tools - such as Citizens Connect and Snow Cop -- to improve City services for Boston residents,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""I've worked closely with Chris and his team on many of these efforts, and I look forward to taking those efforts even further for the people of Boston.""Osgood will also support the development and implementation of Go Boston 2030, the City's comprehensive mobility plan. As part of this, he will lead the implementation of the Complete Streets policy and seek new ways to make Boston better for pedestrians, cyclists, drivers and mass transit riders alike. Building on current collaborations, Osgood will forge new partnerships with public, private and academic partners to explore how technology, data and design can make Boston's services even better and its streets more vibrant.In 2010, Osgood co-founded the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics with current Co-Chair Nigel Jacob. Over the last five years, that Office has launched a series of products in collaboration with other City departments including Citizens Connect, DiscoverBPS and ParkBoston. Prior to that, Osgood served as a Policy Advisor to former Mayor Thomas M. Menino, working on the team that implemented the City's performance management program and rebuilding its 24-hour hotline. For his work with New Urban Mechanics, Chris was named a Public Official of the Year by Governing Magazine and a Champion of Change by the White House.Osgood is a graduate of Haverford College and received his Masters in Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. He currently resides in Jamaica Plain."
"BOSTON -Thursday, August 6, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Chris Osgood as the City of Boston's Chief of Streets. As a member of the Mayor's cabinet, he will work with the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments to lead efforts to improve Boston's basic city services and to create a more sustainable, equitable and efficient transportation network. Osgood currently serves as the Co-Chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics - the City's civic innovation team. He will assume his new position onAugust 24.""Boston is experiencing unprecedented growth, and with that growth comes the opportunity and the need to modernize our transportation network and make our basic city services the best in the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited for Chris to bring his knowledge of the city and his experience leading innovation in Boston to this challenge.""""I am honored to be appointed to this position and thrilled to work with these great departments,"" said Chris Osgood. ""Together, we'll work hard to design streets and deliver services that work great for all the people of Boston.""The Chief of the Streets will oversee the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments, which plan, design, maintain and manage Boston's streets. The Chief will work to further improve collaboration across those departments and ensure that they have the team and tools they need to best do their jobs. Osgood will also serve as a liaison to the Boston Water & Sewer Commission.""Boston's Transportation and Public Works Departments collaborate frequently on street related projects that require input from both agencies,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""Pulling our work together under the umbrella of one cabinet will formalize this process and help to move projects forward more efficiently, benefiting our residents. Chris has actively participated in several BTD initiatives in recent years and I'm excited to have this opportunity to continue to work with him in his new position.""""The Public Works Department has worked very hard to take new approaches and use new tools - such as Citizens Connect and Snow Cop -- to improve City services for Boston residents,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""I've worked closely with Chris and his team on many of these efforts, and I look forward to taking those efforts even further for the people of Boston.""Osgood will also support the development and implementation of Go Boston 2030, the City's comprehensive mobility plan. As part of this, he will lead the implementation of the Complete Streets policy and seek new ways to make Boston better for pedestrians, cyclists, drivers and mass transit riders alike. Building on current collaborations, Osgood will forge new partnerships with public, private and academic partners to explore how technology, data and design can make Boston's services even better and its streets more vibrant.In 2010, Osgood co-founded the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics with current Co-Chair Nigel Jacob. Over the last five years, that Office has launched a series of products in collaboration with other City departments including Citizens Connect, DiscoverBPS and ParkBoston. Prior to that, Osgood served as a Policy Advisor to former Mayor Thomas M. Menino, working on the team that implemented the City's performance management program and rebuilding its 24-hour hotline. For his work with New Urban Mechanics, Chris was named a Public Official of the Year by Governing Magazine and a Champion of Change by the White House.Osgood is a graduate of Haverford College and received his Masters in Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. He currently resides in Jamaica Plain."
"Boston is one of 27 winners of the first everStartup in a Day Competition, totaling $1.6 million in funding nationwide.""I'm honored that the SBA chose Boston as recipient for this grant,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""My Administration has been working to make the permitting process in Boston easy, transparent and predictable and this will help us expand those efforts.""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston has madeFireandPublic Works Departmentpermits available online for the first time,reduced plan review timesfor building permits, andcreated an online toolto let applicants see where their permits are in the review process and explorezoning code. In the coming months, Boston will release an entirely new online permit experience that will support entrepreneurs through the permitting and licensing process.Nationwide, the winners are located in 19 states and the District of Columbia, representing a wide array of cities and Native American communities.Startup in a Day is an initiative announced by President Barack Obama earlier this year designed to help cities and Native American communities streamline the licensing, permitting and other requirements needed to start a business in their areas, with the goal that an entrepreneur can apply for everything necessary to begin a business within one business day. Cities were encouraged to take a public pledge to commit to these goals, and were invited to apply for funding through two SBA prize competitions. At the time of the announcement in June, 11 cities had agreed to the Startup in a Day pledge. Today, more than 50 additional cities and Native American communities have taken the pledge.When announcing Startup in a Day, President Obama said, ""I'm calling on city halls across the country to join the initial 11 mayors in a simple but powerful pledge to entrepreneurs and small business owners: If you want to start a business, we'll make it so easy to navigate the license and permitting system online, that you'll be off and running within 24 hours.""""When I started my businesses, it was overwhelming,"" said Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, head of the SBA and member of President Obama's Cabinet. ""I had to set up a legal structure, find office space, learn local zoning laws, apply for multiple licenses and permits and navigate a maze of city, county, state and federal requirements before I could even open my doors. That's why I'm proud to join the White House in announcing the winners of the Startup in a Day prize competition as we work to make it easier for entrepreneurs all across the country to get started.""Currently, our nation's entrepreneurs spend nearly 6 days discovering, applying for and acquiring licenses and permits before they can open for business.World Bank study ranked America46thinthe ease of starting a business.""President Obama and the SBA are committed to making it easier and faster for every entrepreneur to start a business,"" said Seth Goodall, SBA New England Regional Administrator. ""This award recognizes Boston's focus on streamlining their licensing and permitting process through online, modern technology so entrepreneurs can focus on their business, rather than the red tape.""""Congratulations to the City of Boston for the work they are doing to make starting a business in Boston simpler,"" said Bob Nelson, SBA Massachusetts District Director. ""We need to continue to do whatever is necessary to encourage small businesses starts and simplified permitting and processes is one way to do this. We are excited and look forward to seeing the release of Boston's new entirely online permit process in the very near future.""Startup in a Day is an initiative designed to make it easier than ever for entrepreneurs to start a business. One of the biggest challenges new business owners face is the mass of red-tape which is required prior to launching. Startup in a Day encourages cities and Native American communities to take a public pledge stating that they will work to make it easier for entrepreneurs in their communities to get started with their business dreams. To this end, the SBA has run a prize competition which provides cash prizes of $50,000 to cities and Native American communities to help them form processes and systems to streamline the licensing, permitting, and other forms needed to start a business in their areas. The SBA is also offering a $250,000 cash prize to one city or Native American community who wishes to create an ""open source"" solution which will be replicable and scalable on a broad basis."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined public health officials, advocates, local youth and former Red Sox player Curt Schilling to announce that he will take steps to prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco and other tobacco products at baseball parks, including Fenway Park, and other professional and amateur sports venues in Boston.""Our baseball parks are places for creating healthy futures, and this ordinance is about doing the right thing as a community for our young people,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The consequences of smokeless tobacco are real, and we must do all that we can to set an example. I look forward to working with the City Council to keep Boston on the leading edge in creating healthy communities for our young people.""Mayor Walsh will officially file an ordinance with the City Councilon Monday.""Boston's action today sends a loud and powerful message that it's time to break the harmful link between baseball and tobacco,"" said Matthew L. Myers, President, Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. ""Our national pastime should be about promoting a healthy and active lifestyle, not a deadly and addictive product. From coast to coast, the momentum is on our side to finally take tobacco out of baseball for kids, the players and the future. Players who dip or chew are providing the tobacco industry with free marketing, and that's not something anyone needs. This action will help our children grow up healthier. We applaud Mayor Walsh for his efforts and stand ready to work with him and other Boston leaders to make the next generation tobacco-free.""""I am in support of banning any kind of tobacco at Fenway Park or in any public location,"" said former Red Sox player Curt Schilling. ""I have seen cancer take the lives of people very important to me like my father, a lifelong smoker, and I have endured the insufferable agony of radiation to the head/neck. If this law stops just one child from starting, it's worth the price. Because that child could be yours, or mine.""While cigarette smoking in the U.S. has been on the decline, smokeless tobacco among youth has remained steady since 1999. The Center for Disease Control (CDC) finds that nationally 14.7 percent of high-school boys and 8.8 percent of all high-school students reported using smokeless products in 2013 and each year about 535,000 kids ages 12-17 use smokeless tobacco for the first time.The National Cancer Institute states that chewing tobacco and snuff contain 28 cancer-causing agents and the U.S. National Toxicology Program has established smokeless tobacco as a ""known human carcinogen.""""Growing up in Boston, I wanted to be David Ortiz, so I imitated pretty much everything I saw him do at the plate,"" said Rhakil Dias-Samayoa, a young person from Boston who spoke at the press conference. ""I remember too many of my high school teammates copying their favorite players' tobacco use because of the intense admiration they had for their heroes. Unfortunately, in the case of tobacco, looking up to a ball player can often set the stage for addiction, disease, and sometimes even death. We have to do everything we can to make sure that no other kids end up getting hooked on this deadly product. I am proud of Mayor Marty Walsh and his efforts to help knock tobacco out of the park.""The ordinance will ban smokeless tobacco or any other tobacco product at event sites for professional, collegiate, high school or organized amateur sporting events, including baseball, softball, football, basketball, hockey, track and field, field hockey, lacrosse and soccer and any other event involving a game or other athletic competition organized by a league or association.""Smokeless tobacco"" refers to any product that contains cut, ground, powdered, or leaf tobacco and is intended to be placed in the oral or nasal cavity, including, but not limited to, snuff, chewing tobacco, dipping tobacco, dissolvable tobacco products and snus.Those managing the event sites will be responsible for maintaining compliance with the ordinance. Signs will be clearly posted at entrances to sites as well as dugouts, bullpens, training and locker rooms and press boxes.Any person found in violation will be fined $250 per offense. Following enactment of the proposed ordinance, the prohibitions and requirements will become effective onApril 1, 2016."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 5, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that City of Boston has won a $50,000 award from the Small Business Administration (SBA) to help its efforts to streamline licensing, permitting and other requirements needed to start a business. Boston is one of 27 winners of the first everStartup in a Day Competition, totaling $1.6 million in funding nationwide.""I'm honored that the SBA chose Boston as recipient for this grant,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""My Administration has been working to make the permitting process in Boston easy, transparent and predictable and this will help us expand those efforts.""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston has madeFireandPublic Works Departmentpermits available online for the first time,reduced plan review timesfor building permits, andcreated an online toolto let applicants see where their permits are in the review process and explorezoning code. In the coming months, Boston will release an entirely new online permit experience that will support entrepreneurs through the permitting and licensing process.Nationwide, the winners are located in 19 states and the District of Columbia, representing a wide array of cities and Native American communities.Startup in a Day is an initiative announced by President Barack Obama earlier this year designed to help cities and Native American communities streamline the licensing, permitting and other requirements needed to start a business in their areas, with the goal that an entrepreneur can apply for everything necessary to begin a business within one business day. Cities were encouraged to take a public pledge to commit to these goals, and were invited to apply for funding through two SBA prize competitions. At the time of the announcement in June, 11 cities had agreed to the Startup in a Day pledge. Today, more than 50 additional cities and Native American communities have taken the pledge.When announcing Startup in a Day, President Obama said, ""I'm calling on city halls across the country to join the initial 11 mayors in a simple but powerful pledge to entrepreneurs and small business owners: If you want to start a business, we'll make it so easy to navigate the license and permitting system online, that you'll be off and running within 24 hours.""""When I started my businesses, it was overwhelming,"" said Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, head of the SBA and member of President Obama's Cabinet. ""I had to set up a legal structure, find office space, learn local zoning laws, apply for multiple licenses and permits and navigate a maze of city, county, state and federal requirements before I could even open my doors. That's why I'm proud to join the White House in announcing the winners of the Startup in a Day prize competition as we work to make it easier for entrepreneurs all across the country to get started.""Currently, our nation's entrepreneurs spend nearly 6 days discovering, applying for and acquiring licenses and permits before they can open for business.World Bank study ranked America46thinthe ease of starting a business.""President Obama and the SBA are committed to making it easier and faster for every entrepreneur to start a business,"" said Seth Goodall, SBA New England Regional Administrator. ""This award recognizes Boston's focus on streamlining their licensing and permitting process through online, modern technology so entrepreneurs can focus on their business, rather than the red tape.""""Congratulations to the City of Boston for the work they are doing to make starting a business in Boston simpler,"" said Bob Nelson, SBA Massachusetts District Director. ""We need to continue to do whatever is necessary to encourage small businesses starts and simplified permitting and processes is one way to do this. We are excited and look forward to seeing the release of Boston's new entirely online permit process in the very near future.""About Start Up in a Day Initiative:Startup in a Day is an initiative designed to make it easier than ever for entrepreneurs to start a business. One of the biggest challenges new business owners face is the mass of red-tape which is required prior to launching. Startup in a Day encourages cities and Native American communities to take a public pledge stating that they will work to make it easier for entrepreneurs in their communities to get started with their business dreams. To this end, the SBA has run a prize competition which provides cash prizes of $50,000 to cities and Native American communities to help them form processes and systems to streamline the licensing, permitting, and other forms needed to start a business in their areas. The SBA is also offering a $250,000 cash prize to one city or Native American community who wishes to create an ""open source"" solution which will be replicable and scalable on a broad basis."
"This tool is being released in time for the City's busiest moving day,September 1. Residents will also be able to apply for moving truck permits at the City Hall To Go truck where they can pick up their signs in person.""I am committed to making accessing city services easier for Boston residents and students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to offer our residents the ability to apply for moving truck permits from anywhere and hopefully relieve some of the stress that moving brings.""This year alone, Mayor Walsh has made eight new permits available online, advancing his commitment to make permitting in Boston easy, transparent and predictable. The new online moving van permit application lets residents avoid visiting two separate offices in City Hall, which are frequently overwhelmed with applicants around the city's busiest move-in times.Mayor Walsh has made improving digital service delivery a top priority for his Administration. Over the coming months, the City will be releasing an entirely revised online permitting experience for the city, which will allow residents and business owners to learn about, and apply for, permits across eight different departments.Online applicants will need to apply two weeks in advance of their move-in date in order to ensure timely delivery of their signs. To apply online, and learn more about the eligibility criteria for online applications visit:boston.gov/movingtrucks.For information on City Hall To Go and its schedule, please visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 4, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new online application simplifying the process for receiving one-day moving truck permits. This tool is being released in time for the City's busiest moving day,September 1. Residents will also be able to apply for moving truck permits at the City Hall To Go truck where they can pick up their signs in person.""I am committed to making accessing city services easier for Boston residents and students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to offer our residents the ability to apply for moving truck permits from anywhere and hopefully relieve some of the stress that moving brings.""This year alone, Mayor Walsh has made eight new permits available online, advancing his commitment to make permitting in Boston easy, transparent and predictable. The new online moving van permit application lets residents avoid visiting two separate offices in City Hall, which are frequently overwhelmed with applicants around the city's busiest move-in times.Mayor Walsh has made improving digital service delivery a top priority for his Administration. Over the coming months, the City will be releasing an entirely revised online permitting experience for the city, which will allow residents and business owners to learn about, and apply for, permits across eight different departments.Online applicants will need to apply two weeks in advance of their move-in date in order to ensure timely delivery of their signs. To apply online, and learn more about the eligibility criteria for online applications visit:boston.gov/movingtrucks.For information on City Hall To Go and its schedule, please visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/."
"The City of Boston celebrated the annual Boston Bike Friendly Business Awards with a ceremony on Monday, August 3. The awards applaud the role of Boston based businesses in supporting and advancing the growth of biking in Boston. They also recognize Boston businesses that have pledged to make the city better for cyclists by providing facilities, services and benefits to employees and customers who bike. Over 150 businesses, ranging from small two-employee firms to large corporations consisting of tens of thousands of employees, have participated in the program since the awards were first initiated in 2008.The City of Boston is committed to making sure our streets are safe and friendly for bicyclists, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I want to congratulate this year's winners and thank them for their efforts to promote healthy, sustainable and efficient transportation options.""Id like to congratulate all of our Bike Friendly Business Award winners and thank them for their contribution to the city and the environment, added Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. No matter their size, every organization can help Boston to achieve its bike friendly goals.This year saw the introduction of more demanding qualifications to compete for the award. Businesses were rewarded for their creation of initiatives that benefit the public and points were added for the establishment of on-site bike repair stations and for providing discounts to customers who bike.A Chocolate Award, named to acknowledge the belief that nothing is better than chocolate, was introduced this year to honor the first-place winner. Harvard University and the Harvard Longwood Campus took home the 2015 Chocolate Award as the Most Bike Friendly Business in Boston. Harvard was credited for the following.Harvard was joined by 54 other local companies that were honored with gold, silver and bronze awards.Award winners represent a diverse group of businesses who together have helped to pave the way for Bostons tremendous growth in biking. Award winners have designed many of Bostons bike lanes, provided critical funding for the Hubway bike share system, developed creative incentives to encourage employees to bike to work, implemented innovative safety campaigns, and more.The following organizations were named as 2015 Boston Bike Friendly Businesses.Chocolate - Most Bike Friendly BusinessHarvard Longwood CampusHarvard UniversityGoldBeacon Architectural AssociatesBeth Israel Deaconess Medical CenterBoston Children's HospitalDana-Farber Cancer InstituteDigital LumensLandry's BicyclesPerkins+WillSandulli Grace, PCToole Design Group, LLCUrban AdvenToursSilverA Better CityAppalachian Mountain ClubBoston OrganicsEl Pelon TaqueriaEmmanuel CollegeFenway HealthFoley Hoag LLPMASCOMcMahon AssociatesMotivateNaviNet, Inc.Next Phase StudiosStantec, Inc.StoriantThe Gillette CompanyVertex Pharmaceuticals Inc.WGBHBronzeAdi's Bike WorldBack Bay BicyclesBikes Not BombsBoston Global InvestorsBoston Health Care for the Homeless ProgramBrigham and Women's HospitalCarbonite, Inc.Community Boating, Inc.Cornerstone ResearchDiMella ShafferERG - BostonHNTB CorporationHoward Stein HudsonHyatt Regency BostonInstitute for Justice & Democracy in HaitiJacobs Engineering GroupJohn Hancock Financial ServicesJWA-Architects, Inc.Linea 5, inc. ArchitectsNelson\NygaardNutter McClennen & FishPublic Consulting GroupSimmons CollegeTreeturn, inc.United Way of Massachusetts BayWediko Children's ServicesWellframeFor additional information on Boston Bikes and how to become more bike friendly, visitwww.cityofboston.gov/bikes."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $230,000 in corporate and individual sponsorships through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund, to create an additional 175 youth jobs for nine community-based organizations. Sponsorships are among the various partners and organizations that support youth employment for the City of Boston and help to create the more than 10,000 jobs through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.""Jobs provide Boston youth with meaningful work experience,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thanks to our community sponsors, who understand how to make a difference in a young person's life, we will be able to continue to create more opportunities for our young people and invest in the future of our City.""In 2014, Mayor Walsh established the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund to financially assist community-based organizations in need of additional funding to fully operate and execute youth employment programs.The following is the list of grant recipients :Action for Boston Community Development (ABCD) SummerWorks:ABCD's SummerWorks program has provided over 5,000 Boston youth between the ages of 14 to 21 years old with a summer job at more than 500 partner worksites across Boston Award Amount: $125,000 Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund ($100,000) and Comcast ($25,000) Number of Jobs: 91Boston Youth Wrestling: Teen youth employees assist instructors in developing curriculum for a week long camp that will expose 50 youth participants to various disciplines of martial arts, including wrestling, Brazilian jiujitsu, muay thai, Striking and more. Award Amount: $3,000 Number of Jobs: 3Eliot Church: Youth employees, ages 14-22, serve as Junior Counselors, Counselors and Lead Counselors for a camp program that focuses on arts and recreation. Award Amount: $23,320 Number of Jobs: 28Mothers for Justice and Equality (MJE): Youth employees (advocates) participate in the Junior Advocates Youth Leadership Development Program. Advocates participate in professional development workshops, organize community events for residents, design and deliver workshops on peacebuilding and conflict resolution, and work alongside MJE staff. Award Amount: $9,450 Number of Jobs: 6National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Boston Branch: Youth employees participate in professional development, conduct nonpartisan voter registration, promote healthy lifestyles and violence prevention, encourage support for local businesses and City of Boston initiatives, and work with other youth groups to explore solutions to community problems. Award Amount: $11,950 Number of Jobs: 7Phillips Brooks House Association: Youth employees develop leadership experience staffing the Summer Urban Programs, a network of 12 camps which serve low-income youth throughout greater Boston and Cambridge by providing a high-quality, affordable summer enrichment experience. Award Amount: $20,000 Number of Jobs: 10Smart from the Start: Smart from the Start offers comprehensive coordinated set of services for parents, caregivers and children. Youth employees are trained to provide administrative support to central staff, organize data and documentation of clients, assist with special projects and initiatives, and support families as needed. Award Amount: $12,500 Number of Jobs: 5Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation (CDC): Youth employees, ages 18-22, participate in an environmental employment program to restore the urban wild in the Hyde Park community. The employees are trained to engage residents in planning and stewardship of the greenway along Fairmount Line. Award Amount: $8,605 Number of Jobs: 3Talented And Gifted (TAG) Latino Program, University of Massachusetts Boston: Youth employees will serve as teaching assistants (TAs) in the 31st annual Summer TAG Program, which provides academic enrichment coupled with athletic and artistic programming to 200 BPS middle and high school youth, including special programming for English Language Learners. The Summer TAG TA program has been a pipeline to teaching careers, developing urban educators, many of whom are currently teaching in BPS. TAs are 17-22-year-olds working in classrooms, supporting implementation of curriculum, and working in small groups and with individual students and benefiting from ongoing professional development. Award Amount: $41,995 Number of Jobs:22""Through the additional support of the Mayor's Summer Jobs initiative, we were able to hire three youth interns who designed and implemented wrestling clinics and mini-camps for youth wrestlers in grades 4-8 across the City of Boston,"" said Jos Valenzuela, President of Boston Youth Wrestling. ""Thanks to their leadership, our clinics and mini-camps reached over 150 new youth across 4 sites, exposing them to fun and dynamic wrestling workouts that inspired them to participate in more active and healthy habits. These are opportunities that would not have existed for these children without the support of the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund.""""The funding provided by the Mayor's office has made it possible to have one of our most successful and productive Hyde Park Green Team seasons,"" said Mat Thall, Executive Director of the Southwest Boston CDC. ""The additional funding has allowed us to introduce the 21 youngsters in the program to environmentally responsible, landscaping with goats. We have also been able to make great progress in our five year partnership with the Boston Parks Department to build recreational trails in Sherrin Woods. The grant helped us hire Green Team members from previous who were eager to return to the Green Team, but could only be wait listed earlier this year.""""Mayor Walsh's support of Youth Jobs provided us with the resources needed to provide six additional youth who had lost a friend, sibling and/or parent to street violence with a safe space to learn and heal from the aftermath of their lost, while earning money and learning the importance of civic leadership,"" said Monalisa Smith, President and CEO at Mothers for Justice and Equality. ""We believe the Mayor's leadership in youth employment is key in support of our efforts in ending street violence.""""Experience has shown us that theopportunity to work at an early age is a powerful tool to addressing a host of economic, health and social issues that impact our city,"" said Michael Curry, President of the Boston NAACP. ""The Mayor's investment in our young people through the Jobs Fund will pay dividends for the City of Boston and is certain to deliverthe next generation of business and civic leaders.""""We are so grateful that Mayor Walsh and his Administration have demonstrated this additional commitment and funding for youth jobs,"" said Maria Dominguez Gray, Executive Director of thePhillips Brooks House Association. ""The grant has allowed us increase the number of counselors we can hire to work our summer camps and is especially important because it supports 18-22-year-olds who have fewer opportunities though traditional funding sources. With this support, we are able to ensure they a have the opportunity continue in their own professional and personal development while also serving as mentors to the younger teens.""Corporations interested in supporting youth employment may contact the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services atsummerjobs@boston.govor617-635-1845.OrganizationMayor's Summer Jobs Fund Grant AwardNumber of Jobs Created by FundingABCD SummerWorks$100,00091Boston Youth Wrestling$3,0003Eliot Church$23,32028Mothers for Justice$9,4506NAACP Boston Branch$11,9507Phillips Brooks House Assoc.$20,00010Smart from the Start$12,5005Southwest Boston CDC$8,6053TAG Latino Program UMass Boston$41,99522"
"BOSTON -Monday, August 3, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $230,000 in corporate and individual sponsorships through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund, to create an additional 175 youth jobs for nine community-based organizations. Sponsorships are among the various partners and organizations that support youth employment for the City of Boston and help to create the more than 10,000 jobs through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.""Jobs provide Boston youth with meaningful work experience,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thanks to our community sponsors, who understand how to make a difference in a young person's life, we will be able to continue to create more opportunities for our young people and invest in the future of our City.""In 2014, Mayor Walsh established the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund to financially assist community-based organizations in need of additional funding to fully operate and execute youth employment programs.The following is the list of grant recipients :Action for Boston Community Development (ABCD) SummerWorks:ABCD's SummerWorks program has provided over 5,000 Boston youth between the ages of 14 to 21 years old with a summer job at more than 500 partner worksites across Boston Award Amount: $125,000 Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund ($100,000) and Comcast ($25,000) Number of Jobs: 91Boston Youth Wrestling: Teen youth employees assist instructors in developing curriculum for a week long camp that will expose 50 youth participants to various disciplines of martial arts, including wrestling, Brazilian jiujitsu, muay thai, Striking and more. Award Amount: $3,000 Number of Jobs: 3Eliot Church: Youth employees, ages 14-22, serve as Junior Counselors, Counselors and Lead Counselors for a camp program that focuses on arts and recreation. Award Amount: $23,320 Number of Jobs: 28Mothers for Justice and Equality (MJE): Youth employees (advocates) participate in the Junior Advocates Youth Leadership Development Program. Advocates participate in professional development workshops, organize community events for residents, design and deliver workshops on peacebuilding and conflict resolution, and work alongside MJE staff. Award Amount: $9,450 Number of Jobs: 6National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Boston Branch: Youth employees participate in professional development, conduct nonpartisan voter registration, promote healthy lifestyles and violence prevention, encourage support for local businesses and City of Boston initiatives, and work with other youth groups to explore solutions to community problems. Award Amount: $11,950 Number of Jobs: 7Phillips Brooks House Association: Youth employees develop leadership experience staffing the Summer Urban Programs, a network of 12 camps which serve low-income youth throughout greater Boston and Cambridge by providing a high-quality, affordable summer enrichment experience. Award Amount: $20,000 Number of Jobs: 10Smart from the Start: Smart from the Start offers comprehensive coordinated set of services for parents, caregivers and children. Youth employees are trained to provide administrative support to central staff, organize data and documentation of clients, assist with special projects and initiatives, and support families as needed. Award Amount: $12,500 Number of Jobs: 5Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation (CDC): Youth employees, ages 18-22, participate in an environmental employment program to restore the urban wild in the Hyde Park community. The employees are trained to engage residents in planning and stewardship of the greenway along Fairmount Line. Award Amount: $8,605 Number of Jobs: 3Talented And Gifted (TAG) Latino Program, University of Massachusetts Boston: Youth employees will serve as teaching assistants (TAs) in the 31st annual Summer TAG Program, which provides academic enrichment coupled with athletic and artistic programming to 200 BPS middle and high school youth, including special programming for English Language Learners. The Summer TAG TA program has been a pipeline to teaching careers, developing urban educators, many of whom are currently teaching in BPS. TAs are 17-22-year-olds working in classrooms, supporting implementation of curriculum, and working in small groups and with individual students and benefiting from ongoing professional development. Award Amount: $41,995 Number of Jobs:22""Through the additional support of the Mayor's Summer Jobs initiative, we were able to hire three youth interns who designed and implemented wrestling clinics and mini-camps for youth wrestlers in grades 4-8 across the City of Boston,"" said Jos Valenzuela, President of Boston Youth Wrestling. ""Thanks to their leadership, our clinics and mini-camps reached over 150 new youth across 4 sites, exposing them to fun and dynamic wrestling workouts that inspired them to participate in more active and healthy habits. These are opportunities that would not have existed for these children without the support of the Mayor's Summer Jobs Fund.""""The funding provided by the Mayor's office has made it possible to have one of our most successful and productive Hyde Park Green Team seasons,"" said Mat Thall, Executive Director of the Southwest Boston CDC. ""The additional funding has allowed us to introduce the 21 youngsters in the program to environmentally responsible, landscaping with goats. We have also been able to make great progress in our five year partnership with the Boston Parks Department to build recreational trails in Sherrin Woods. The grant helped us hire Green Team members from previous who were eager to return to the Green Team, but could only be waitlisted earlier this year.""""Mayor Walsh's support of Youth Jobs provided us with the resources needed to provide six additional youth who had lost a friend, sibling and/or parent to street violence with a safe space to learn and heal from the aftermath of their lost, while earning money and learning the importance of civic leadership,"" said Monalisa Smith, President and CEO at Mothers for Justice and Equality. ""We believe the Mayor's leadership in youth employment is key in support of our efforts in ending street violence.""""Experience has shown us that theopportunity to work at an early age is a powerful tool to addressing a host of economic, health and social issues that impact our city,"" said Michael Curry, President of the Boston NAACP. ""The Mayor's investment in our young people through the Jobs Fund will pay dividends for the City of Boston and is certain to deliverthe next generation of business and civic leaders.""""We are so grateful that Mayor Walsh and his Administration have demonstrated this additional commitment and funding for youth jobs,"" said Maria Dominguez Gray, Executive Director of thePhillips Brooks House Association. ""The grant has allowed us increase the number of counselors we can hire to work our summer camps and is especially important because it supports 18-22-year-olds who have fewer opportunities though traditional funding sources. With this support, we are able to ensure they a have the opportunity continue in their own professional and personal development while also serving as mentors to the younger teens.""Corporations interested in supporting youth employment may contact the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services atsummerjobs@boston.govor617-635-1845."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Stefanie Seskin as the City of Boston's first Active Transportation Director. She will be responsible for implementing new initiatives to create people-friendly designs and programs that encourage and sustain active transportation options and lifestyles. Currently serving as the Deputy Director of the National Complete Streets Coalition in Washington, D.C., Stefanie Seskin will begin her new position in Boston onAugust 17.""Boston is an active city and we are continuing to invest in our pedestrian and bike infrastructure, encouraging residents to think creatively about how they get from point A to point B,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Stefanie brings leadership and talent to this new position, and I thank her for her willingness to serve.""""I am excited to take on this new position as Active Transportation Director for the Boston Transportation Department, and I am grateful to Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Fiandaca to be given this opportunity,"" said Seskin. ""I love seeing so many people who already walk and bike around the city, and I look forward to working with residents to make Boston even more walk- and bike-friendly.""Boston's new Active Transportation Director will oversee the Boston Bikes and Neighborhood Slow Streets programs, and reenergize the City's nationally recognized Complete Streets initiative. Boston Bikes will manages the design and installation of bike facilities, supervises the Hubway bike-share program, and mobilizes community-based projects, such as the Youth Cycling Program which provides on-bike instruction in Boston Public Schools, and Keep it Rolling which offers free bike repair for low-income Boston residents.In addition, the Active Transportation Director will propose new projects and coordinate the review of existing projects that enhance pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure. She will work directly with community and advocacy groups with a focus on spreading the benefits of new projects equally to all of Boston's neighborhoods. Her work will complement Go Boston 2030 - the ongoing citywide mobility plan as well as Vision Zero and Green Links.""We are looking forward to welcoming Stefanie to our Policy and Planning team at the Boston Transportation Department,"" said Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""She will work closely with our partners in federal, state and local government, Boston residents, the City's business community and various advocacy groups, to fulfill our commitment to design streets that are welcoming and safe for all users.""""The Public Works Department works with the Boston Transportation Department on joint initiatives designed to benefit all users of Boston's local streets,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""Stefanie's extensive experience with transportation planning, design, construction, maintenance and operations will be a welcome addition on these initiatives.""""WalkBoston is thrilled to welcome Stephanie Seskin as Boston's first Active Transportation Director,"" saidWendy Landman, Executive Director of WalkBoston. ""She will bring a wealth of knowledge, a national perspective and enormous energy to the task of making Boston an even better place to walk and bike.""Seskin graduated with a bachelor of arts from Vassar College and a Master's Degree in Urban Planning and Policy from the University of Chicago. In 2012, she was honored as the Young Professional of the Year by the Association of Pedestrian and Bicycle Professionals."
"BOSTON -Friday, July 31, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Stefanie Seskin as the City of Boston's first Active Transportation Director. She will be responsible for implementing new initiatives to create people-friendly designs and programs that encourage and sustain active transportation options and lifestyles. Currently serving as the Deputy Director of the National Complete Streets Coalition in Washington, D.C., Stefanie Seskin will begin her new position in Boston onAugust 17.""Boston is an active city and we are continuing to invest in our pedestrian and bike infrastructure, encouraging residents to think creatively about how they get from point A to point B,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Stefanie brings leadership and talent to this new position, and I thank her for her willingness to serve.""""I am excited to take on this new position as Active Transportation Director for the Boston Transportation Department, and I am grateful to Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Fiandaca to be given this opportunity,"" said Seskin. ""I love seeing so many people who already walk and bike around the city, and I look forward to working with residents to make Boston even more walk- and bike-friendly.""Boston's new Active Transportation Director will oversee the Boston Bikes and Neighborhood Slow Streets programs, and reenergize the City's nationally recognized Complete Streets initiative. Boston Bikes will manages the design and installation of bike facilities, supervises the Hubway bike-share program, and mobilizes community-based projects, such as the Youth Cycling Program which provides on-bike instruction in Boston Public Schools, and Keep it Rolling which offers free bike repair for low-income Boston residents.In addition, the Active Transportation Director will propose new projects and coordinate the review of existing projects that enhance pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure. She will work directly with community and advocacy groups with a focus on spreading the benefits of new projects equally to all of Boston's neighborhoods. Her work will complement Go Boston 2030 - the ongoing citywide mobility plan as well as Vision Zero and Green Links.""We are looking forward to welcoming Stefanie to our Policy and Planning team at the Boston Transportation Department,"" said Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""She will work closely with our partners in federal, state and local government, Boston residents, the City's business community and various advocacy groups, to fulfill our commitment to design streets that are welcoming and safe for all users.""""The Public Works Department works with the Boston Transportation Department on joint initiatives designed to benefit all users of Boston's local streets,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""Stefanie's extensive experience with transportation planning, design, construction, maintenance and operations will be a welcome addition on these initiatives.""""WalkBoston is thrilled to welcome Stephanie Seskin as Boston's first Active Transportation Director,"" saidWendy Landman, Executive Director of WalkBoston. ""She will bring a wealth of knowledge, a national perspective and enormous energy to the task of making Boston an even better place to walk and bike.""Seskin graduated with a bachelor of arts from Vassar College and a Master's Degree in Urban Planning and Policy from the University of Chicago. In 2012, she was honored as the Young Professional of the Year by the Association of Pedestrian and Bicycle Professionals."
"The policy fulfills a commitment made by the Mayor in hisExecutive Order on Open and Protected Datalast year. The policy calls for City agencies to publish data sets on the City's open data portal (data.boston.gov) and provides guidance for protecting sensitive information.""The City's Open and Protected Data Policy builds on my commitment to openness and transparency in government,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This new policy will make more data available to the public, encourage business to build useful applications with City data, and increase collaboration between the City and the research community.""The Open and Protected Data Policy was created by the Department of Innovation and Technology and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, with input from the public, City departments and outside experts. The policy will streamline the release of new datasets. It adopts a Creative Commons license for all data released by the City to encourage the use of data for commercial and non-commercial purposes. It also provides a framework for responsibly sharing data with researchers and other partner organizations.To accompany the release of the data policy, the City of Boston has announcedthecurrent availability of a number of new datasets:The City of Boston also announced today that they are joining the Building and Land Development Specification (BLDS), one of a number of emerging Open Data standards. BLDS provides a standardized format for data about development projects and is being adopted by municipalities around the country.""Data standards like BLDS make open data more useful,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""They encourage private companies to use open data, and make it easier for residents and businesses to access the information they need.""Since the Mayor signed the Open and Protected Data Executive Order in April 2014, the City has continued to expand its open data program:In April, the City of Boston hosted itssecondHubHacks hackathon, where members of the public were invited to use City data and data from partners to tell the story of Boston through data visualization."
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) wants to remind families that BCYF Fun Stops continue through August offering free, daily, drop-in activities at eight locations in Boston.Children ages 8-18 are welcome to stop in and enjoy a variety of structured activities including board games, sports, arts and crafts and more from 12 noon to 6 p.m.* each weekday. No pre-registration is required, however, parents must fill out a brief waiver form that contains the necessary emergency contact information as well as allows youth to swim during scheduled times at the Fun Stop pool locations. Each Fun Stop is limited to 50 youth. Many of the Fun Stops are able to provide lunch through the Summer Food Service Program, but please confirm with the site. Fun Stops began on July 6 and will continue through Friday, August 21.The Fun Stops are hosted in parks or open spaces adjacent to or near a BCYF community center. For more about the Fun Stops, contact the host community center listed below:BCYF Blackstone Community Center50 West Brookline Street, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Clougherty Pool at Doherty ParkBunker Hill Street, Charlestown, 617-635-5174BCYF Flaherty Pool at Healy Field160 Florence Street, Roslindale, 617-635-5181BCYF Holland Community Center85 Olney Street, Dorchester, 617-635-5144BCYF Jackson/Mann Community Center at Ringer ParkGordon Street, Allston, 617-635-5153BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center @ Garvey Park (*operates from 2-8 p.m.)Neponset Avenue, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Pool113 Paris Street, East Boston, 617-635-5125/1410Four of the Fun Stops extend their hours and host teen-only activities on select nights. The complete schedule of these Super Fun Stop teen-only nights can be found on the Teen Page at Boston.Gov/BCYF
Information on heat safety tips can be found online,and by following @NotifyBoston.The Mayor will declare a Heat Emergency after temperatures have reached 90 degrees or higher for three or more consecutive days. During a Heat Emergency, cooling centers will be open across the City.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the city's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. Sign up online:boston.gov/alert-boston.Heat Safety:Playground Safety:Mosquitoes and TicksPlaces to stay cool:
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will hold 17 concurrent community conversations onSaturday, August 1, 2015to drive discussion on the cultural planning process. Sixteen of the Boston Creates Community Conversations will take place in different neighborhoods across the city and one additional conversation will be dedicated to youth participants. The public is invited to attend these meetings and share their opinions and ideas about cultural priorities for the City. ""The success of Boston Creates is dependent upon hearing the diverse ideas and opinions from every neighborhood and community in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We encourage everyone to attend a community conversation and add let us know what you want to see in your city."" Boston Creates is the City's cultural planning process, designed to create a blueprint for arts and culture in the City of Boston. The process will engage residents, visitors and stakeholders to identify Boston's cultural needs, opportunities and resources. Boston Creates will create a plan to prioritize, coordinate and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality and build creative capital in Boston over the long term. The Boston Creates Concurrent Community Conversations are continuing the community engagement phase of the cultural planning process. The full list of community conversations and locations can be found atwww.bostoncreates.org/events. Those unable to attend the conversations are encouraged to fill out the Boston Creates Survey online atwww.bostoncreates.org/survey. Boston Creates is part of larger, overall vision for the City: Imagine Boston 2030. Led by the Mayor's Office, Imagine Boston will define a vision for the future of the city leading up to its 400th birthday. Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the entire city will work together to create the first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide this approach to preserving, enhancing and growing the city's neighborhoods in a way that promotes shared prosperity, sound public investment, and a healthy environment and population. The Cultural Planning portion is expected to be complete in June 2016. For more information or to volunteer, visitwww.bostoncreates.org. Social media users can engage with the process on Twitter using #BostonCreates or by following on Facebook atwww.facebook.com/ArtsinBostonThe following community conversations are scheduled forAugust 1, 2015: NeighborhoodTimeLocationRoslindale9:00 AMRoslindale Farmer's MarketAdam's Park, Roslindale 02131Dorchester10:00 AMCodman Square Health Center Conf. Rm. A637 Washington St, Boston, MA 02124Fenway/Mission Hill10:00 AMWheelock Family Theatre 3rdFlr180 Riverway, Boston, MA 02215Mattapan10:00 AMMattapan Library1350 Blue Hill Avenue, Mattapan, MA 02126South Boston/Fort Point10:00 AMMedicine Wheel Productions110 K St, Boston, MA 02127South End10:00 AMPlaza Theatres at the Boston Center for the Arts539 Tremont St.South End 02116Back Bay/Beacon Hill10:30 AMFairmont Copley Plaza138 St James Ave, Boston, MA 02116Chinatown10:30 AMBoston Chinatown Neighborhood Center38 Ash St, Boston, MA 02111West Roxbury10:30 AMWest Roxbury Library1961 Centre St. West Roxbury 02132Boston Creates Youth Meeting11:00 AMBoston Public Library700 Boylston St, Boston, Massachusetts 02116Downtown/North End/West End11:00 AMModern Theater (Suffolk University)525 Washington Street 02111Hyde Park11:00 AMWestinghouse Lofts1 Westinghouse Plaza, Hyde Park 02136Jamaica Plain11:00 AMJames Gate Restaurant511McBride Street Jamaica Plain, 02130Roxbury11:00 AMHibernian Hall184 Dudley St, Boston, MA 02119Charlestown11:00 AMCharlestown Library179 Main Street, Charlestown 02129East Boston12:00 PMZumix260 Sumner St, East Boston, MA 02128Allston/Brighton1:00 PMPresentation School Foundation634 Washington St, Brighton, MA 02135"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh todayjoined the Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborative to launch theConnection Center, which will serve as a one-stop resource to help Boston high school graduates, 20-24 years old, who are unemployed and out of school with no postsecondary degree. The Connection Center, located inside the Ruggles MBTA station, will work to reach out to these young adults and refer them to education, training and employment opportunities throughout the Greater Boston.""Too many of our young people are still struggling because of competition for jobs and for college,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For the future of our City, we must create opportunities to prepare our residents for our workforce. The Connection Center will help young people find direction and the road to success. I thank the Obama Administration, the Boston Opportunity Youth Collaboration and all of our national and local partners who stand committed with us to help our young people and our City move forward.""The Connection Center is a local option within the national movement to promote opportunities and pathways for the 6.7 million young people between the ages of 16 and 24 in the United States who are neither enrolled in school nor participating in the labor market. These young people are often referred to as Opportunity Youth. The ""opportunity"" is the chance to include their talents and contributions in a labor market that needs them as an entire older generation begins to retire.Based on the U.S. Census Bureau's 2011-2013 American Community Surveys, there are 9,097 of these opportunity youth in Boston. Among them, there are 4,747 young adults who graduated from high school without connecting with the labor market or further education and training.The City is dedicated to creating equal access to opportunities throughout Boston, and inspiring young people to stay in school and continue their education, whether through higher education or workforce training programs, post-High School. The Boston Public Schools has cut its dropout rate by more than half over the last decade. Inspired by this successand building on the Mayor's local efforts for President Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper Initiative, the City is giving added focus to the large numbers of young adults who graduate without a connection to career opportunities.The Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborative (OYC) is a cross-sector coalition, convened by the Boston Opportunity Agenda and the Boston Private Industry Council, with more than 70 member organizations and agencies. Stakeholders include the Mayor's Office, Boston Public Schools, philanthropy, local colleges, universities and community-based organizations.The coalition came together to develop and implement a plan for connecting opportunity youth with pathways to career and financial independence. The OYC's final plan included a Connection Center as the first point of entry to community-based programs that would support young people in pursuing community college, job training and employment. Connection Center coaches will help young people navigate these pathways, which often prove challenging to those unfamiliar with the requirements of college, training or work.These coaches will engage young people, assess their needs and make supported referrals to the right programs. Participating organizations include College Bound Dorchester and Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (college bridging and completion programs), Jewish Vocational Service (pharmacy technician training), the Asian American Civic Association (employment services), as well as Year Up, YouthBuild and other agencies.The OYC is one of seven community collaboratives across the country receiving three-year grants to implement their plans. The awards were made by Jobs for the Future and the Aspen Institute Forum for Community Service as part of the Opportunity Works initiative, funded by the Corporation for National and Community Service through its Social Innovation Fund (SIF). Local match funding is being provided by the Barr Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the Hyams Foundation and the Lloyd G. Balfour Foundation, Bank of America, N.A., Trustee. The OYC is contracting with X-Cel Education, a dynamic nonprofit organization, to operate the center in space provided by Northeastern University, the MBTA and JRI/STRIVE Boston.The Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborativeis a group of stakeholders who have come together around creating stronger systems to serve opportunity youth in Boston. First convened in 2013 by theBoston Private Industry Counciland theBoston Opportunity Agenda, OYC members include the Mayor's Office, local community-based organizations, the Boston Public Schools, philanthropy, city and state agencies and postsecondary institutions. For more information, visitwww.bostonopportunityyouth.org.Jobs for the Future (JFF) is a national nonprofit organization that works to ensure economic opportunity for all. They develop innovative career pathways and public policies, resulting in increased college readiness and success for students and a more skilledworkforcefor employers.For over 30 years, JFF has been a leader in building connections between education and work that expand opportunity and strengthen our economy.For more information, visitwww.jff.org.The Aspen Instituteis an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Institute is based in Washington, DC Aspen, Colorado and on the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore. It also has offices in New York City and an international network of partners. For more information, visitwww.aspeninstitute.org.The Corporation for National and Community Serviceis a federal agency that engages more than five million Americans in service and champions community solutions through its AmeriCorps, Senior Corps, Social Innovation Fund and Volunteer Generation Fund programs, and leads the President's national call to service initiative, United We Serve. For more information, visitwww.NationalService.gov."
I strongly believe that bringing the Olympic Games back to the United States would be good for our country and would have brought long-term benefits to Boston. However, no benefit is so great that it is worth handing over the financial future of our City and our citizens were rightly hesitant to be supportive as a result. We always anticipated having the time to do our due diligence on the guarantees required and a full review of the risk and mitigation package proposed last week. This is a monumental decision that cannot be rushed, even if it means not moving forward with our bid for the 2024 Summer Games.
"BOSTON -Monday, July 27, 2015-Mayor Martin J. Walsh todayjoined the Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborative to launch theConnection Center, which will serve as a one-stop resource to help Boston high school graduates, 20-24 years old, who are unemployed and out of school with no postsecondary degree. The Connection Center, located inside the Ruggles MBTA station, will work to reach out to these young adults and refer them to education, training and employment opportunities throughout the Greater Boston.""Too many of our young people are still struggling because of competition for jobs and for college,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For the future of our City, we must create opportunities to prepare our residents for our workforce. The Connection Center will help young people find direction and the road to success. I thank the Obama Administration, the Boston Opportunity Youth Collaboration and all of our national and local partners who stand committed with us to help our young people and our City move forward.""The Connection Center is a local option within the national movement to promote opportunities and pathways for the 6.7 million young people between the ages of 16 and 24 in the United States who are neither enrolled in school nor participating in the labor market. These young people are often referred to as Opportunity Youth. The ""opportunity"" is the chance to include their talents and contributions in a labor market that needs them as an entire older generation begins to retire.Based on the U.S. Census Bureau's 2011-2013 American Community Surveys, there are 9,097 of these opportunity youth in Boston. Among them, there are 4,747 young adults who graduated from high school without connecting with the labor market or further education and training.The City is dedicated to creating equal access to opportunities throughout Boston, and inspiring young people to stay in school and continue their education, whether through higher education or workforce training programs, post-High School. The Boston Public Schools has cut its dropout rate by more than half over the last decade. Inspired by this successand building on the Mayor's local efforts for President Barack Obama's My Brother's Keeper Initiative, the City is giving added focus to the large numbers of young adults who graduate without a connection to career opportunities.The Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborative (OYC) is a cross-sector coalition, convened by the Boston Opportunity Agenda and the Boston Private Industry Council, with more than 70 member organizations and agencies. Stakeholders include the Mayor's Office, Boston Public Schools, philanthropy, local colleges, universities and community-based organizations.The coalition came together to develop and implement a plan for connecting opportunity youth with pathways to career and financial independence. The OYC's final plan included a Connection Center as the first point of entry to community-based programs that would support young people in pursuing community college, job training and employment. Connection Center coaches will help young people navigate these pathways, which often prove challenging to those unfamiliar with the requirements of college, training or work.These coaches will engage young people, assess their needs and make supported referrals to the right programs. Participating organizations include College Bound Dorchester and Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (college bridging and completion programs), Jewish Vocational Service (pharmacy technician training), the Asian American Civic Association (employment services), as well as Year Up, YouthBuild and other agencies.The OYC is one of seven community collaboratives across the country receiving three-year grants to implement their plans. The awards were made by Jobs for the Future and the Aspen Institute Forum for Community Service as part of the Opportunity Works initiative, funded by the Corporation for National and Community Service through its Social Innovation Fund (SIF). Local match funding is being provided by the Barr Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the Hyams Foundation and the Lloyd G. Balfour Foundation, Bank of America, N.A., Trustee. The OYC is contracting with X-Cel Education, a dynamic nonprofit organization, to operate the center in space provided by Northeastern University, the MBTA and JRI/STRIVE Boston.The Boston Opportunity Youth Collaborativeis a group of stakeholders who have come together around creating stronger systems to serve opportunity youth in Boston. First convened in 2013 by theBoston Private Industry Counciland theBoston Opportunity Agenda, OYC members include the Mayor's Office, local community-based organizations, the Boston Public Schools, philanthropy, city and state agencies and postsecondary institutions.Jobs for the Future (JFF) is a national nonprofit organization that works to ensure economic opportunity for all. They develop innovative career pathways and public policies, resulting in increased college readiness and success for students and a more skilledworkforcefor employers.For over 30 years, JFF has been a leader in building connections between education and work that expand opportunity and strengthen our economy.The Aspen Instituteis an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Institute is based in Washington, DC Aspen, Colorado and on the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore. It also has offices in New York City and an international network of partners.The Corporation for National and Community Serviceis a federal agency that engages more than five million Americans in service and champions community solutions through its AmeriCorps, Senior Corps, Social Innovation Fund and Volunteer Generation Fund programs, and leads the President's national call to service initiative, United We Serve."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) launched the start of a community input process to gather more information on immigrant experiences in Boston. This survey is another step in Mayor Walsh's Immigrant Integration and Empowerment Initiative to improving the quality of life for all of Boston's residents.""Immigrants are vital to our neighborhoods, and these surveys will help us in our continued efforts to ensure their voices are heard,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We need to make sure that they are being connected to our resources and that their contributions to our City are appreciated.""In partnership with the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment and community organizations, MONB will be working with four young people in the SuccessLink summer jobs program to interview residents and identify key assets and challenges in Boston neighborhoods. The surveys will be available in eight languages via social media platforms and community organizations. The English survey can be accessed here:Boston for All Survey.""These surveys are just the initial phase of a robust input process that will include focus groups and community meetings to help inform Boston's first Immigrant Integration plan,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Office of New Bostonians. ""We seek to build a shared citywide vision and develop an innovative agenda that will open opportunities for new and improved partnerships.""""I believe this project is important because it will really help immigrants feel part of the City and give them the opportunity to better their experience in Boston,"" said Daniela Romero, SuccessLink participant with MONB and student at the John D. O'Bryant High School. ""I'm especially excited to survey residents in my neighborhood of East Boston.""The Immigrant Integration and Empowerment Initiative, which aims to create and replicate successful practices that best empower immigrants to fully participate in the social, economic and civic life of Boston, is made possible by a three-year grant from the Barr Foundation.The survey schedule is as follows:Week of July 6: East BostonWeek of July 13: Chinatown, Allston/BrightonWeek of July 20: Jamaica Plain/Roxbury, North DorchesterWeek ofJuly 27: South Dorchester, Mattapan/Hyde ParkTo get involved or request surveys in other languages, please contact Celina Barrios-Millner (celina.barrios-millner@boston.gov).About the Mayor's Office of New BostoniansSince 1998, the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) has worked to ensure that the diverse cultural and linguistic communities in Boston have full access to the civic, economic, social and cultural life of the City. MONB is a nationally-recognized model for assisting newcomers in overcoming the barriers and challenges of immigration.Every year, MONB assists thousands of new Bostonians with access to City Services, referrals to English language classes, technical support for small business development, facilitating access to free legal services, providing information about community resources, which allow new Bostonians to contribute socially and economically to the City. Visitwww.cityofboston.gov/newbostoniansor call617-635-2980for more information."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has taken another step to protect the residents of West Roxbury in regards to the proposed West Roxbury Lateral Gas Pipeline. The City has filed an opposition to the actions taken by the Algonquin Gas Transmissions, LLC (Algonquin) in federal court to take control of Washington, Grove and Centre Streets in West Roxbury in order to begin excavation and installation of the proposed gas transmission line due to the inability to ""acquire the necessary easements"" from the Public Improvement Commission.On July 22, the City filed its opposition to the taking, citing (1) the easements that Algonquin seeks are not necessary to install the pipeline (2) Algonquin did not negotiate in good faith with the City for the acquisition of rights to be under the streets and (3) the Public Improvement Commission (PIC) process, which results in grants of location for utilities under public ways, is consistent with the National Gas Act and the certificate issued by the Federal Energy Regulation Commission (FERC).In addition, Algonquin never completed the PIC process, and must continue the process to completion.""It is critical that Algonquin uses the appropriate process for any proposed development in our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue pursue all avenues to protect the health and safety of the residents of West Roxbury by working together with the community and with our city, state and federal partners to find the best long-term solution in the interest of our residents.""The proposed pipeline poses public safety concerns because it would be constructed directly across the street from a quarry that uses dynamite on a daily basis.A hearing on the City's opposition has been scheduled forSeptember 22in federal court. The City's filings included affidavits from attorney Chong Liu, liaison to PIC from the Law Department. Todd Liming, Executive Secretary to the Public Improvement Commission, and John P. Sullivan, Chief Engineer of the Boston Water and Sewer Commission. The documents are available upon request from the City.Statements of Support:""As a united group, the federal, state and local elected officials from West Roxbury have repeatedly made it painfully clear to Spectra Energy that we believe that the current alignment of the pipeline is a threat to public safety,"" said Congressman Stephen F. Lynch. ""Mayor Walsh, the local elected officials, and I have stated that we will take every legal measure to prevent them from going forward. Mayor Walsh's filing is an important step towards preventing Algonquin from taking easements in West Roxbury and proceeding with installation of the pipeline.""""I commend Mayor Walsh and my federal, state, and local colleagues for continuing to listen to our constituents' apprehensions regarding major aspects of the West Roxbury lateral pipeline project,"" said State Senator Mike Rush. ""For well over a year, we have been trying to engage with Algonquin to mitigate the potential effects of this project. The actions taken by the city of Boston, and the local delegation, is another step in lending a voice to the concerns of the community.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his response to Algonquin's absurd request and demand of easements in our West Roxbury neighborhood,"" said Representative Ed Coppinger.""Throughout this process Algonquin has tried to do the minimal amount of work required. In this case they have shown that they would like to skirt the process that the City of Boston has in place for such requests. Our elected delegation in West Roxbury made up of our Mayor, our District City Councilor, our State Senator, State Representative and Congressman will continue to listen to our constituency and continue to fight on their behalf.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh and his administration for their work in ensuring the integrity of the public process. I support the city's response to the efforts by Alqonquin gas to circumvent the required steps to obtain a grant of location,"" said Boston City Councilor Matt O'Malley, whose district includes the West Roxbury neighborhood. ""I am proud to continue to stand firm with Mayor Walsh, Congressman Lynch, Senator Rush and Representative Coppinger in opposition to the pipeline and support the residents of the West Roxbury community."""
"BOSTON -Friday, July 24, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has taken another step to protect the residents of West Roxbury in regards to the proposed West Roxbury Lateral Gas Pipeline. The City has filed an opposition to the actions taken by the Algonquin Gas Transmissions, LLC (Algonquin) in federal court to take control of Washington, Grove and Centre Streets in West Roxbury in order to begin excavation and installation of the proposed gas transmission line due to the inability to ""acquire the necessary easements"" from the Public Improvement Commission.On July 22, the City filed its opposition to the taking, citing (1) the easements that Algonquin seeks are not necessary to install the pipeline (2) Algonquin did not negotiate in good faith with the City for the acquisition of rights to be under the streets and (3) the Public Improvement Commission (PIC) process, which results in grants of location for utilities under public ways, is consistent with the National Gas Act and the certificate issued by the Federal Energy Regulation Commission (FERC).In addition, Algonquin never completed the PIC process, and must continue the process to completion.""It is critical that Algonquin uses the appropriate process for any proposed development in our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue pursue all avenues to protect the health and safety of the residents of West Roxbury by working together with the community and with our city, state and federal partners to find the best long-term solution in the interest of our residents.""The proposed pipeline poses public safety concerns because it would be constructed directly across the street from a quarry that uses dynamite on a daily basis.A hearing on the City's opposition has been scheduled forSeptember 22in federal court. The City's filings included affidavits from attorney Chong Liu, liaison to PIC from the Law Department. Todd Liming, Executive Secretary to the Public Improvement Commission, and John P. Sullivan, Chief Engineer of the Boston Water and Sewer Commission. The documents are available upon request from the City.Statements of Support:""As a united group, the federal, state and local elected officials from West Roxbury have repeatedly made it painfully clear to Spectra Energy that we believe that the current alignment of the pipeline is a threat to public safety,"" said Congressman Stephen F. Lynch. ""Mayor Walsh, the local elected officials, and I have stated that we will take every legal measure to prevent them from going forward. Mayor Walsh's filing is an important step towards preventing Algonquin from taking easements in West Roxbury and proceeding with installation of the pipeline.""""I commend Mayor Walsh and my federal, state, and local colleagues for continuing to listen to our constituents' apprehensions regarding major aspects of the West Roxbury lateral pipeline project,"" said State Senator Mike Rush. ""For well over a year, we have been trying to engage with Algonquin to mitigate the potential effects of this project. The actions taken by the city of Boston, and the local delegation, is another step in lending a voice to the concerns of the community.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his response to Algonquin's absurd request and demand of easements in our West Roxbury neighborhood,"" said Representative Ed Coppinger.""Throughout this process Algonquin has tried to do the minimal amount of work required. In this case they have shown that they would like to skirt the process that the City of Boston has in place for such requests. Our elected delegation in West Roxbury made up of our Mayor, our District City Councilor, our State Senator, State Representative and Congressman will continue to listen to our constituency and continue to fight on their behalf.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh and his administration for their work in ensuring the integrity of the public process. I support the city's response to the efforts by Alqonquin gas to circumvent the required steps to obtain a grant of location,"" said Boston City Councilor Matt O'Malley, whose district includes the West Roxbury neighborhood. ""I am proud to continue to stand firm with Mayor Walsh, Congressman Lynch, Senator Rush and Representative Coppinger in opposition to the pipeline and support the residents of the West Roxbury community."""
"BOSTON -Friday, July 24, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) launched the start of a community input process to gather more information on immigrant experiences in Boston. This survey is another step in Mayor Walsh's Immigrant Integration and Empowerment Initiative to improving the quality of life for all of Boston's residents.""Immigrants are vital to our neighborhoods, and these surveys will help us in our continued efforts to ensure their voices are heard,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We need to make sure that they are being connected to our resources and that their contributions to our City are appreciated.""In partnership with the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment and community organizations, MONB will be working with four young people in the SuccessLink summer jobs program to interview residents and identify key assets and challenges in Boston neighborhoods. The surveys will be available in eight languages via social media platforms and community organizations. The English survey can be accessed here:Boston for All Survey.""These surveys are just the initial phase of a robust input process that will include focus groups and community meetings to help inform Boston's first Immigrant Integration plan,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Office of New Bostonians. ""We seek to build a shared citywide vision and develop an innovative agenda that will open opportunities for new and improved partnerships.""""I believe this project is important because it will really help immigrants feel part of the City and give them the opportunity to better their experience in Boston,"" said Daniela Romero, SuccessLink participant with MONB and student at the John D. O'Bryant High School. ""I'm especially excited to survey residents in my neighborhood of East Boston.""The Immigrant Integration and Empowerment Initiative, which aims to create and replicate successful practices that best empower immigrants to fully participate in the social, economic and civic life of Boston, is made possible by a three-year grant from the Barr Foundation.The survey schedule is as follows:To get involved or request surveys in other languages, please contact Celina Barrios-Millner (celina.barrios-millner@boston.gov).About the Mayor's Office of New BostoniansSince 1998, the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) has worked to ensure that the diverse cultural and linguistic communities in Boston have full access to the civic, economic, social and cultural life of the City. MONB is a nationally-recognized model for assisting newcomers in overcoming the barriers and challenges of immigration.Every year, MONB assists thousands of new Bostonians with access to City Services, referrals to English language classes, technical support for small business development, facilitating access to free legal services, providing information about community resources, which allow new Bostonians to contribute socially and economically to the City. Visit their websiteor call617-635-2980for more information."
"Mayor Martin J. Walshtodayannounced that the annual Boston Arts (Ahts) Festival will be re-imagined asEmerge, a one-day celebration of local arts and culture. The Festival will highlight Boston's ever-changing andemergingidentity as a vibrant city with a thriving local art scene. The nameEmergewas suggested byChris Lindgren,who was selected as the winner of the 2015 Arts Festival naming competition. In addition to presenting work byemergingand established artists from both the local and national art scene, this new event will explore the civic role of art and design by positioning City Hall as a place that actively fosters cultural events and community dialogue.Emergeis free and open to the public and will be held at City Hall onSeptember 10from5:00pm to 10:30pm.""Boston is the home of many artists who represent our unique and diverse culture,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents and visitors to enjoy this new, fun, family-friendly event and support the creative efforts of local Boston artists.The newly relaunched festival will feature several visual arts showcases, including the Fay ChandlerEmergingArtist Award and Exhibition, art vendors and severalinstallations. There will also be dancing, DJs and live performances. Architecture tours of City Hall will be given by Mark Pasnik, a member of the Boston Art Commission and one of the authors of the forthcoming bookHeroic: Concrete Architecture and the New Boston. The festival will also include a presentation on creating cohesive communities through grassroots art projects and urban interventions co-sponsored by Now and There, a non-profit organization dedicated to creating impactful public art projects in Greater Boston.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture fosters community engagement in Boston's cultural landscape and throughout the City's many neighborhoods by organizing and supporting events that highlight local talent. The Office of Arts and Culture is committed to developing opportunities for artists at all stages of their careers.For more information, please call617.635.4235, visitwww.cityofboston.gov/artsor check out@ArtsinBostonand@PublicArtBostonon Twitter. City Hall is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green) and State Street (Orange and Blue)."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Dion Irish as the new Commissioner of the City's Elections Department. Irish, who previously served as the Executive Director of the City's Office of Fair Housing and Equity since 2012, will fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Interim Commissioner John Donovan.""Dion Irish is a proven leader, with exceptional public service experience,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Dion's background in anti-discrimination enforcement brings a unique perspective to the Elections Department, and Ithank him for his willingness to serve in this critical role.""""I'm thankful that Mayor Walsh has entrusted me with the responsibility to lead an agency whose performance is critical to the realization of our great democracy, and to the advancement of civil and human rights,"" said Irish. ""I am eager to work with the staff and all stakeholders to continue to the work of the Election Department.""During his time at the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, Irish was responsible for the leadership and supervision of Boston's anti-discrimination enforcement agency, which includes the fair housing and human rights commissions. He led the effort to automate the Office's housing search assistance program to create a more robust database of housing opportunities, and made it possible for interested residents to access services online. Irish also established the inter-agency Boston Lead Paint Initiative to protect children and families from lead exposure and housing discrimination, a CORI Rountable to expand employment opportunities for persons with past crimes and a regional fair housing network to share best practices and for mutual support.Deputy Director of the Office of Fair Housing and Equity Janine Anzalota will become the InterimExecutiveDirector.Prior to his most recent role, Irish was the Assistant Commissioner and Director of Housing Inspections at the City's Inspectional Services Department for more than a decade.Irish was the 2014 recipient of the Municipal Research Bureau Henry L. Shattuck Award for individuals who exemplify integrity, initiative, leadership and commitment to excellence in public service. In 2012, he helped to create the Boston Rental Registration and Inspection Ordinance and Program - an innovative method of proactively ensuring safe, healthy housing for Boston residents - and won the 2012 Innovation Award from the National Association of City and County Health Officials for developing the first ever Massachusetts Housing Inspection Training Program. That same year, Irish won the 2012 Presidents Award from the Massachusetts Health Officers Association, for dedicated service in public health. In 2008, he received the Innovation Award from the National Association of City and County Health Officials for developing the Breathe Easy at Home Program, which created a partnership between the medical and public health fields to better address children with severe asthma. Irish is a current board member of the Madison Park Development Corporation, former President of the Antigua Barbuda Association of Boston and a former board member of the Angell Street Improvement Association.Irish received a Master of Urban Affairs from Boston University and a bachelors of science in political science from Boston University, and is a candidate for a Master of Public Administration from Suffolk University. He resides in Dorchester.The Election Department conducts all municipal, state, and federal elections within the City of Boston. The Department ensures that elections are properly managed and conducted in accordance with City, state, and federal laws. The Department also handles the registration of voters, proper maintenance of voters' status and manages the annual listing of Boston residents age 17 and over."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the following statement:""The question of releasing the original bid documents has become an unnecessary distraction in what should be a constructive civil discourse about the future of the City of Boston. It's important that we continue our focus on building a concrete and sound plan that is shaped by community input and brings long-term benefits to the City of Boston and its residents. As a result, I asked Boston 2024 to provide the original bid, in its entirety, for public review. Both Boston 2024 and the United States Olympic Committee fully support the release of these documents in order to maintain an open and transparent process."""
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 23, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Dion Irish as the new Commissioner of the City's Elections Department. Irish, who previously served as the Executive Director of the City's Office of Fair Housing and Equity since 2012, will fill the vacancy created by the retirement of Interim Commissioner John Donovan.""Dion Irish is a proven leader, with exceptional public service experience,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Dion's background in anti-discrimination enforcement brings a unique perspective to the Elections Department, and Ithank him for his willingness to serve in this critical role.""""I'm thankful that Mayor Walsh has entrusted me with the responsibility to lead an agency whose performance is critical to the realization of our great democracy, and to the advancement of civil and human rights,"" said Irish. ""I am eager to work with the staff and all stakeholders to continue to the work of the Election Department.""During his time at the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, Irish was responsible for the leadership and supervision of Boston's anti-discrimination enforcement agency, which includes the fair housing and human rights commissions. He led the effort to automate the Office's housing search assistance program to create a more robust database of housing opportunities, and made it possible for interested residents to access services online. Irish also established the inter-agency Boston Lead Paint Initiative to protect children and families from lead exposure and housing discrimination, a CORI Rountable to expand employment opportunities for persons with past crimes and a regional fair housing network to share best practices and for mutual support.Deputy Director of the Office of Fair Housing and Equity Janine Anzalota will become the InterimExecutiveDirector.Prior to his most recent role, Irish was the Assistant Commissioner and Director of Housing Inspections at the City's Inspectional Services Department for more than a decade.Irish was the 2014 recipient of the Municipal Research Bureau Henry L. Shattuck Award for individuals who exemplify integrity, initiative, leadership and commitment to excellence in public service. In 2012, he helped to create the Boston Rental Registration and Inspection Ordinance and Program - an innovative method of proactively ensuring safe, healthy housing for Boston residents - and won the 2012 Innovation Award from the National Association of City and County Health Officials for developing the first ever Massachusetts Housing Inspection Training Program. That same year, Irish won the 2012 Presidents Award from the Massachusetts Health Officers Association, for dedicated service in public health. In 2008, he received the Innovation Award from the National Association of City and County Health Officials for developing the Breathe Easy at Home Program, which created a partnership between the medical and public health fields to better address children with severe asthma. Irish is a current board member of the Madison Park Development Corporation, former President of the Antigua Barbuda Association of Boston and a former board member of the Angell Street Improvement Association.Irish received a Master of Urban Affairs from Boston University and a bachelors of science in political science from Boston University, and is a candidate for a Master of Public Administration from Suffolk University. He resides in Dorchester.The Election Department conducts all municipal, state, and federal elections within the City of Boston. The Department ensures that elections are properly managed and conducted in accordance with City, state, and federal laws. The Department also handles the registration of voters, proper maintenance of voters' status and manages the annual listing of Boston residents age 17 and over."
"BOSTON - Thursday, July 23, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walshtodayannounced that the annual Boston Arts (Ahts) Festival will be re-imagined asEmerge, a one-day celebration of local arts and culture. The Festival will highlight Boston's ever-changing andemergingidentity as a vibrant city with a thriving local art scene. The nameEmergewas suggested byChris Lindgren,who was selected as the winner of the 2015 Arts Festival naming competition. In addition to presenting work byemergingand established artists from both the local and national art scene, this new event will explore the civic role of art and design by positioning City Hall as a place that actively fosters cultural events and community dialogue.Emergeis free and open to the public and will be held at City Hall onSeptember 10from5:00pm to 10:30pm.""Boston is the home of many artists who represent our unique and diverse culture,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents and visitors to enjoy this new, fun, family-friendly event and support the creative efforts of local Boston artists.The newly relaunched festival will feature several visual arts showcases, including the Fay ChandlerEmergingArtist Award and Exhibition, art vendors and severalinstallations. There will also be dancing, DJs and live performances. Architecture tours of City Hall will be given by Mark Pasnik, a member of the Boston Art Commission and one of the authors of the forthcoming bookHeroic: Concrete Architecture and the New Boston. The festival will also include a presentation on creating cohesive communities through grassroots art projects and urban interventions co-sponsored by Now and There, a non-profit organization dedicated to creating impactful public art projects in Greater Boston.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture fosters community engagement in Boston's cultural landscape and throughout the City's many neighborhoods by organizing and supporting events that highlight local talent. The Office of Arts and Culture is committed to developing opportunities for artists at all stages of their careers.For more information, please call617-635-4235, visit the Arts and Culture websiteor check out@ArtsinBostonand @PublicArtBostonon Twitter. City Hall is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green) and State Street (Orange and Blue)."
The City of Boston has received eight responses to a request for proposals (RFP)issued last monthby Mayor Martin J. Walsh for consultant services to support Imagine Boston 2030. The bidders include several nationally- and internationally-recognized firms hoping to advise on the creation of Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years.The RFP identified the need for the following core services:a) overall Citywide Plan project management and content productionb) expertise in land use, urban design, and comprehensive urban planning, andc) public engagement and communications expertise to lead an extensive outreach effort and public process.Over the next several weeks, representatives from a variety of City agencies will convene as part of a selection committee to narrow the responses and invite firms in for interviews. The City hopes to select a consultant by mid-August and formally launch the public engagement process in the fall.
"The Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities today joined the New England ADA Center, Partners HealthCare and state and local agencies to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).""In Boston, we are dedicated to celebrating our diversity,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As our city continues to grow and prosper, we must ensure that all of our residentshave equal access to meaningful opportunities and experiences.""""Today provides an opportunity to reflect upon all that we have accomplished, but also to reinvigorate us to overcome all of the obstacles that still remain, and to fight to make the promises of the ADA real,"" said United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz. ""Overcoming those obstacles requires the continuing tenacity and expertise of a wide-range of stakeholders and strong leadership.""""Although the Commonwealth has made great strides towards broader inclusivity in the last 25 years, it is crucial that we do not lose momentum,""saidLieutenantGovernor Karyn Polito. ""This anniversary is a chance to celebrate progress and remind ourselves to continue fostering a welcoming and accessible environment for all.""""The ADA has helped to end the segregation, isolation and discrimination faced by so many people with disabilities,"" said Attorney General Maura Healey. ""But there is more that can be done. Today we also commit to breaking down the remaining barriers so that all people are assured the right to be full participants in our democracy, our workforce and our communities.""The ADA was signed into law on July 26, 1990, by President George H.W. Bush. The ADA is one of America's most comprehensive pieces of civil rights legislation that prohibits discrimination and guarantees that people with disabilities have the same opportunities as everyone else to participate in the mainstream of American life -- to enjoy employment opportunities, to purchase goods and services, and to participate in State and local government programs and services.Today's celebration included a kick-off rally and march to Boston Common, as well as remarks from U.S. Attorney Ortiz, Lieutenant Governor Polito, Attorney General Healey, keynote speaker Dr. Cheri Blauwet, a multi-time Paralympian and two-time Boston Marathon Champion, and poet Lewis Morris. The events also included performances and readings by advocate and author Remon Jourdan, poets Colin Killick and Kythryne Aisling and The Berkshire Hills Music Academy Troupe.In recognition of the 25th anniversary of the ADA, the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities held a poster contest on ""What the ADA means to You."" Entries were posted online and voting was open to the public to select a winner and first runner-up. The poster contest winners were announced today by Disability Commissioner Kristen McCosh. Atara Schimmel, a local amateur artist and disability advocate who works on issues related to chronic pain, took first place in the contest.The runner-up poster was created by Susan Hatch, a resident of The Boston Home in Dorchester. Winning entries were shown today on the Common and will also be on display in City Hall through the month of July.""We have accomplished a lot in the past 25 years, particularly in removing architectural barriers,"" said Commissioner McCosh. ""However, we still have a long way to go to achieve true equality. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, we are continually improving access and inclusion for people with disabilities in the city.""Mayor Walsh is committed to creating ""One Boston,"" where all people are welcome and diversity is celebrated. As part of this goal, the Commission facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by persons with disabilities in the City of Boston, and strives to reduce architectural, procedural, attitudinal and communication barriers that affect persons with disabilities. The Commission consists of nine members appointed by the Mayor. Monthly meetings held by the Commission are open to the public.For more information visitwww.ada25boston.orgorwww.cityofboston.gov/disability."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 22, 2015- The Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities today joined the New England ADA Center, Partners HealthCare and state and local agencies to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).""In Boston, we are dedicated to celebrating our diversity,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As our city continues to grow and prosper, we must ensure that all of our residentshave equal access to meaningful opportunities and experiences.""""Today provides an opportunity to reflect upon all that we have accomplished, but also to reinvigorate us to overcome all of the obstacles that still remain, and to fight to make the promises of the ADA real,"" said United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz. ""Overcoming those obstacles requires the continuing tenacity and expertise of a wide-range of stakeholders and strong leadership.""""Although the Commonwealth has made great strides towards broader inclusivity in the last 25 years, it is crucial that we do not lose momentum,""saidLieutenantGovernor Karyn Polito. ""This anniversary is a chance to celebrate progress and remind ourselves to continue fostering a welcoming and accessible environment for all.""""The ADA has helped to end the segregation, isolation and discrimination faced by so many people with disabilities,"" said Attorney General Maura Healey. ""But there is more that can be done. Today we also commit to breaking down the remaining barriers so that all people are assured the right to be full participants in our democracy, our workforce and our communities.""The ADA was signed into law on July 26, 1990, by President George H.W. Bush. The ADA is one of America's most comprehensive pieces of civil rights legislation that prohibits discrimination and guarantees that people with disabilities have the same opportunities as everyone else to participate in the mainstream of American life -- to enjoy employment opportunities, to purchase goods and services, and to participate in State and local government programs and services.Today's celebration included a kick-off rally and march to Boston Common, as well as remarks from U.S. Attorney Ortiz, Lieutenant Governor Polito, Attorney General Healey, keynote speaker Dr. Cheri Blauwet, a multi-time Paralympian and two-time Boston Marathon Champion, and poet Lewis Morris. The events also included performances and readings by advocate and author Remon Jourdan, poets Colin Killick and Kythryne Aisling and The Berkshire Hills Music Academy Troupe.In recognition of the 25th anniversary of the ADA, the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities held a poster contest on ""What the ADA means to You."" Entries were posted online and voting was open to the public to select a winner and first runner-up. The poster contest winners were announced today by Disability Commissioner Kristen McCosh. Atara Schimmel, a local amateur artist and disability advocate who works on issues related to chronic pain, took first place in the contest.The runner-up poster was created by Susan Hatch, a resident of The Boston Home in Dorchester. Winning entries were shown today on the Common and will also be on display in City Hall through the month of July.""We have accomplished a lot in the past 25 years, particularly in removing architectural barriers,"" said Commissioner McCosh. ""However, we still have a long way to go to achieve true equality. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, we are continually improving access and inclusion for people with disabilities in the city.""Mayor Walsh is committed to creating ""One Boston,"" where all people are welcome and diversity is celebrated. As part of this goal, the Commission facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by persons with disabilities in the City of Boston, and strives to reduce architectural, procedural, attitudinal and communication barriers that affect persons with disabilities. The Commission consists of nine members appointed by the Mayor. Monthly meetings held by the Commission are open to the public.For more information visitwww.ada25boston.orgorwww.cityofboston.gov/disability."
"The High Water Collectives exhibitionBoston 2050: High Wateropens on July 27and runs through October 31 at the Grove Hall Branch of the Boston Public Library, focusing on the impact of predicted flooding in Boston neighborhoods. Artists selected for this exhibition are from Boston and around the globe, utilizing mixed media pieces, painting, sculpture, photography, installation work, and drawings to convey the dangers of flooding and higher waters, with the intent to initiate conversation within communities. An opening exhibition reception takes place onThursday, August 6, from 5:30 -7:30 p.m.and features guest speakers civil rights activist Mimi Jones and spoken word poet Ant Thomas.It is essential to discuss the impact of environmental change not only in the Grove Hall neighborhood, but throughout all areas of Boston, said Grove Hall Branch Librarian Paul Edwards. The library is the perfect place to gather as one community to talk about where the future may lead us, and we are honored to host.The High Water Collective, comprised of artists and curators Stacey Cushner, Susan Emmerson and Jason Pramas, promote a higher visibility of global warming, the rise in sea levels, and its community impact.Boston 2050: High Waterwas fueled after the Boston Harbor Associations release of Preparing for The Rising Tide report, which found that Boston is vulnerable to super storms like Hurricane Sandy, and, if hit, could bring sea levels to two feet by 2050 and up to six feet by 2100. Increase in sea levels combined with extreme weather events, more of which Boston is experiencing locally, will result in vast flooding and higher waters.Bringing this exhibition to the Grove Hall Branch can inspire as well as educate those in the area to become more prepared and to talk about what can happen knowledge is everything,"" said curator Stacey Cushner.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"The City ofBostontoday announced that theParkBostonapp is now live throughBack Bay, Fenway/Kenmore, Downtown, Beacon Hill, the North End, the West End and Charlestown, and will be active inSouthBoston, the South End, Mission Hill, Allston and Brightonby the end of the summer. The app allows drivers to quickly and easily remotely pay a meter with their mobile phone, avoiding the hassle of finding quarters or running back to the meter to add more time before it expires.""TheParkBostonapp is one of the many ways we're making city government more efficient and effective for Boston's residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""More and more of our drivers are taking advantage of ParkBoston and we're excited to be able toexpand into even more neighborhoods by the end of the summer.""Earlier this year, following a successful pilot in a portion of the Back Bay, Mayor Walsh announced that the City's over 8,000 metered spaces will be outfitted with the ParkBoston app. During the pilot, the Boston Transportation Department has worked closely with Passport, an industry leader in mobile payments, to design a smooth and seamless parking experience for users. Over the last month, there has been a steady increase in daily transactions through the app, from 3,000 per day in late June to over 4,000 per day by mid-July.""ParkBostonprovides an innovative, convenient alternative to paying meters with currency,"" saidBostonTransportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""As parking meters throughout the City are being adjusted to accept this advanced technology, I encourage drivers to download the app and take advantage of this new option that helps to make parking onBoston's local streets a quicker and easier experience.""BothParkBostondecals applied to parking meters and on-street signage will let drivers know where the new service is in effect.ParkBostonpayment will become an available option for parkers as soon as the signs and decals are installed on each block.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced that theBostonTransportation Department would be seeking to upgrade all parking meters to new intelligent devices. TheParkBostonapp and new smart meters will work together to provide the City with parking data to manage the space at the curb more effectively. It will also provide users with a wide variety of choices in payment from smartphones to credit cards to coins.Smartphone users can take advantage of the new service by going topark.boston.govto create an account. iPhone and Android users can also get the freeParkBostonapp through the App Store or Google Play. A pay-by-voice option is also available for those without web-enabled phones. To learn more, please visitpark.boston.gov.The pilot phase ofParkBostonwas supported by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Mayor Walsh's civic innovation team. Identifying and implementing ways to improveBoston's streetscape for pedestrians, cyclists and drivers is one of the office's core areas of focus. Recent collaborations with theBostonTransportation Department have included the TicketZen app to make it easier to pay parking tickets, a data partnership with Waze to improve traffic flow, and vehicle sideguards pilot that led to the a nation-leading safety ordinance for large vehicles performing city contracts."
"BOSTON-Tuesday, July 21, 2015-The City ofBostontoday announced that theParkBostonapp is now live throughBack Bay, Fenway/Kenmore, Downtown, Beacon Hill, the North End, the West End and Charlestown, and will be active inSouthBoston, the South End, Mission Hill, Allston and Brightonby the end of the summer. The app allows drivers to quickly and easily remotely pay a meter with their mobile phone, avoiding the hassle of finding quarters or running back to the meter to add more time before it expires.""TheParkBostonapp is one of the many ways we're making city government more efficient and effective for Boston's residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""More and more of our drivers are taking advantage of ParkBoston and we're excited to be able toexpand into even more neighborhoods by the end of the summer.""Earlier this year, following a successful pilot in a portion of the Back Bay, Mayor Walsh announced that the City's over 8,000 metered spaces will be outfitted with the ParkBoston app. During the pilot, the Boston Transportation Department has worked closely with Passport, an industry leader in mobile payments, to design a smooth and seamless parking experience for users. Over the last month, there has been a steady increase in daily transactions through the app, from 3,000 per day in late June to over 4,000 per day by mid-July.""ParkBostonprovides an innovative, convenient alternative to paying meters with currency,"" saidBostonTransportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""As parking meters throughout the City are being adjusted to accept this advanced technology, I encourage drivers to download the app and take advantage of this new option that helps to make parking onBoston's local streets a quicker and easier experience.""BothParkBostondecals applied to parking meters and on-street signage will let drivers know where the new service is in effect.ParkBostonpayment will become an available option for parkers as soon as the signs and decals are installed on each block.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced that theBostonTransportation Department would be seeking to upgrade all parking meters to new intelligent devices. TheParkBostonapp and new smart meters will work together to provide the City with parking data to manage the space at the curb more effectively. It will also provide users with a wide variety of choices in payment from smartphones to credit cards to coins.Smartphone users can take advantage of the new service by going topark.boston.govto create an account. iPhone and Android users can also get the freeParkBostonapp through the App Store or Google Play. A pay-by-voice option is also available for those without web-enabled phones. To learn more, please visitpark.boston.gov.The pilot phase ofParkBostonwas supported by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Mayor Walsh's civic innovation team. Identifying and implementing ways to improveBoston's streetscape for pedestrians, cyclists and drivers is one of the office's core areas of focus. Recent collaborations with theBostonTransportation Department have included the TicketZen app to make it easier to pay parking tickets, a data partnership with Waze to improve traffic flow, and vehicle sideguards pilot that led to the a nation-leading safety ordinance for large vehicles performing city contracts."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today nominated Priscilla Rojas, of John Hancock Financial, and Carol Downs, co-owner and general manager of Bella Luna & The Milky Way in Jamaica Plain, to the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) and Economic Development Industrial Corporation (EDIC) Board of Directors. They will take the place of Consuelo Gonzales-Thornell and Paul Foster whose terms have expired.""I want to first thank Consuelo and Paul for their many years of service to the BRA and the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Together they helped guide the agency and our city through economic downturns and the development boom we're fortunate enough to be experiencing now. As change continues at the BRA, I'm excited for the new perspectives that Priscilla and Carol will bring to the table. I'm confident that their diverse backgrounds in business and development will benefit our city as we move forward.""The five-member board of directors is comprised of four mayoral appointees and one appointee made by the governor. Ms. Downs will become treasurer of the board, the position formerly filled byMs.Gonzales-Thornell. Mayor Walsh's nominations will require confirmation by the Boston City Council before they can assume their duties.Priscilla Rojasis a senior manager of audit services specializing in investment management at John Hancock Financial. She has 12 years of international audit and consulting experience with several Fortune 500 companies, having worked in over a dozen countries, including India, Australia, Japan and Ireland. She holds a bachelor of science in accounting from DePaul University and is a licensed certified internal auditor and project management professional. A native of Illinois, Ms. Rojas currently resides in Boston's Leather District with her husband.Carol Downshas been a small business owner, community volunteer and resident of Boston for over two decades. She is a founding co-owner and current general manager of Bella Luna & The Milky Way, an award-winning dining and entertainment landmark in Jamaica Plain that opened in 1993. Since 2001, Ms. Downs has been a trustee of the Neighborhood House Charter School in Dorchester, which both of her children attended. She holds a bachelor of arts in philosophy from the University of Virginia and resides in Roslindale with her husband and two children.Ms. Gonzales-Thornell is the longest serving member currently on the BRA/EDIC board, having served since 1989. Mr. Foster has served on the board since 2006."
In recognition of the Central Librarys new Pathway to Reading Sensory Wall, the Boston Public Library received an honorable mention Innovation Award from the Urban Libraries Council (ULC). The wall is an interactive feature in the early literacy area of the newly renovated Childrens Library in Copley Square, designed for children under three and youth who have challenges processing sensory information. The ULC Innovations Initiative recognizes libraries that are dramatically enhancing outcomes with their innovative programs, services, and operations.Boston Public Library is honored to receive this award and is extremely grateful to the Urban Libraries Council. We are committed to serving our youngest users and providing early developmental opportunities that foster a love of learning, and it begins with this interactive wall at the Central Library, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library.Sensory engagement is vital for young children as part of development, and the wall engages toddlers by providing an exploratory environment that promotes brain development and essential skills. Located in the ToddleTown area, it offers a variety of opportunities for child-directed sensory engagement and facilitates exploration that leads to cognitive, linguistic, social and emotional, and physical learning. It features interactive visual, auditory, and tactile panels, including circles with varied textures, glitter-filled capsules, rotating wheels, magnetic balls, lights that change colors, and a sea of bubbles. The wall is also integrated into library programming - the weekly Baby Play Group takes place in the early literacy area, and the early literacy librarian models sensory engagement and discusses its importance with caregivers. Staff members also incorporate the sensory wall into programs for children on the autism spectrum, such as Sensory Story Times.Boston Public Library is recognized as one of the leading public libraries in North America, said ULC President and CEO Susan Benton. While it continuously innovates and changes its programs and services to meet the changing needs of residents and the community, the BPL maintains a strong set of values that ensures it remains one of the most trusted public entities. Boston and the state of Massachusetts can be very proud of its library.The Childrens Library opened in February 2015, part of phase 1 of the Central Library Renovation, and contains areas for children of all ages. Adjacent to the Pathway to Reading is a story time space designed for engagement and participation in imaginative play. The nearby technology and computer area contains a digital learning table and collections of word and picture books. The tween area, a first for the Boston Public Library system, is a bridge space between the Childrens Library and the separate teen room. The tween space includes computers, graphic novels, and a craft area. A program room is used for a variety of activities, featuring multimedia systems to enhance events.David Leonard accepted the award from Megan Smith, the Chief Technology Officer of the United States, and keynote speaker at a recent ULC Innovations event.Image: From left to right: Major Projects Program Coordinator Sydney Thiel David Leonard, Interim BPL President Laura Koenig, Children's Services Team Leader, Central Library, posing with the ULC Innovation Award.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website containing digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About the Urban Libraries CouncilAs a membership organization made up of Americas premier public library systems and the organizations that serve them, the Urban Libraries Council (ULC) has spent more than 40 years enriching urban communities by strengthening their public libraries. While ULC members primarily represent urban and suburban libraries, lessons from their work are widely used by all libraries. ULC serves as a forum for thought leaders sharing best and next practices resulting from targeted research, education, and emerging trends. Its programs are recognized for creating new frameworks that invigorate public libraries and their communities.
"BOSTON -Monday, July 20, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today nominated Priscilla Rojas, of John Hancock Financial, and Carol Downs, co-owner and general manager of Bella Luna & The Milky Way in Jamaica Plain, to the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) and Economic Development Industrial Corporation (EDIC) Board of Directors. They will take the place of Consuelo Gonzales-Thornell and Paul Foster whose terms have expired.""I want to first thank Consuelo and Paul for their many years of service to the BRA and the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Together they helped guide the agency and our city through economic downturns and the development boom we're fortunate enough to be experiencing now. As change continues at the BRA, I'm excited for the new perspectives that Priscilla and Carol will bring to the table. I'm confident that their diverse backgrounds in business and development will benefit our city as we move forward.""The five-member board of directors is comprised of four mayoral appointees and one appointee made by the governor. Ms. Downs will become treasurer of the board, the position formerly filled byMs.Gonzales-Thornell. Mayor Walsh's nominations will require confirmation by the Boston City Council before they can assume their duties.Priscilla Rojasis a senior manager of audit services specializing in investment management at John Hancock Financial. She has 12 years of international audit and consulting experience with several Fortune 500 companies, having worked in over a dozen countries, including India, Australia, Japan and Ireland. She holds a bachelor of science in accounting from DePaul University and is a licensed certified internal auditor and project management professional. A native of Illinois, Ms. Rojas currently resides in Boston's Leather District with her husband.Carol Downshas been a small business owner, community volunteer and resident of Boston for over two decades. She is a founding co-owner and current general manager of Bella Luna & The Milky Way, an award-winning dining and entertainment landmark in Jamaica Plain that opened in 1993. Since 2001, Ms. Downs has been a trustee of the Neighborhood House Charter School in Dorchester, which both of her children attended. She holds a bachelor of arts in philosophy from the University of Virginia and resides in Roslindale with her husband and two children.Ms. Gonzales-Thornell is the longest serving member currently on the BRA/EDIC board, having served since 1989. Mr. Foster has served on the board since 2006."
"The City of Boston announced the opening of the fourth Design Biennial Boston, a program that supports emerging architects, landscape architects and designers who have created inspiring and innovative practices in Massachusetts. Following an open call for entries, four firms-Cristina Parreo Architecture, GLD, Landing Studio and MASS Design Group-were selected in March by a panel of distinguished professionals and academics with the design field. Since then, the firms have been preparing installations that now are on view on the Rose Kennedy Greenway throughSeptember 25. They join 19 previous winners of the Biennial, a group that represents Boston's deeply creative pool of design talent.The 2015 Biennial is sponsored by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Art Commission, pinkcomma gallery, BSA Space and the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy. A related introductory exhibition curated by pinkcomma is located at BSA Space (290 Congress Street).The four site-specific installations include a 17-foot-high landmark that acts as an urban periscope constructed of 350 custom-fabricated glass blocks a series of chambers enclosed by resin-infused fiberglass that forms a surprising collective interior space a field of 18 reconstituted wharf pilings recycled from a shipyard in Boston Harbor and a lattice-like structure composed of more than one thousand wood and metal components to create an intimate gathering space.""Boston has a vibrant talent pool of designers, and these four installations remind us of how creative artists can be when given opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is on its way to becoming a municipal arts leader, and implementing this type of exciting and thoughtful work into the public realm is what gets us closer to that goal.""""Boston is home to a healthy, vibrant design community,"" said Joyce Linehan, Chief of Policy for the City of Boston. ""We have world-renowned architects, artists and innovators. We have outstanding schools that specialize in design. We have all the tools we need to meet the Mayor's challenge to think big about our built environment as we embark on our first citywide plan in 50 years. The emerging designers represented here exemplify the spirit of imagination that will inform our process.""""This fourth installment of the Biennial has moved outdoors to put the work ofemerging designers on display in an exciting and very public way,"" said Chris Grimley of pinkcomma gallery and over, under, a Boston-based interdisciplinary practice with expertise in architecture, urban design, graphic identity, and publications, and one of the exhibition's curators. ""At a time when the Mayor has brought forth urgent questions about the quality of buildings being produced in the city, the Biennial participants demonstrate how Boston's new design talent can be drawn on for its innovative thinking and ability to respond to the challenges we will face in the future.""The previous design work of each team is presented at BSA Space, as are the ideas behind their installations. The public is invited to tour the exhibition and then pass through the Greenway. The works are located on two blocks along Atlantic Avenue, the first with three installations between Congress and Pearl Streets, the second with one installation nearest to High Street. The sites are immediately adjacent to the 250-foot-high suspended art piece, As If It Were Already Here, near South Station, by Janet Echelman.""We are excited to host the 2015 Biennial on the Greenway,"" said Lucas Cowan, curator of public art for the Greenway Conservancy. ""With the Biennial installations and Janet Echelman's piece so close to one another, the Greenway has become home to a wonderful confluence of architecture and public art, showcasing innovative thinkers who make Greater Boston their home.""""This year's Design Biennial Boston has provided four outstanding emerging designers with an invaluable chance to engage the wider public in their imaginative work,"" said panelist Tim Love AIA, 2015 president of the BSA and a Biennial participant in 2008. ""BSA Space is pleased to host the introductory exhibition and support the Biennial. We believe that Boston's future is in good hands if these brilliant minds are given more opportunities to shape our city.""The jury for the 2015 Biennial included curators Chris Grimley, Michael Kubo, and Mark Pasnik AIA (pinkcomma gallery) along with Lucas Cowan (Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy), Eden Dutcher (GroundView), Michael Evans (Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics), Mary Fichtner (BSA Space), Karin Goodfellow (Boston Art Commission), Dan Hisel (Dan Hisel Architect/Wentworth Institute), Eric Hweler AIA (Hweler + Yoon/Harvard University), Tim Love AIA (Utile/Northeastern University/2015 BSA President) and Ana Mijlacki (Project_/MIT)."
"BOSTON -Friday, July 17, 2015- The City of Boston announced the opening of the fourth Design Biennial Boston, a program that supports emerging architects, landscape architects and designers who have created inspiring and innovative practices in Massachusetts. Following an open call for entries, four firms-Cristina Parreo Architecture, GLD, Landing Studio and MASS Design Group-were selected in March by a panel of distinguished professionals and academics with the design field. Since then, the firms have been preparing installations that now are on view on the Rose Kennedy Greenway throughSeptember 25. They join 19 previous winners of the Biennial, a group that represents Boston's deeply creative pool of design talent.The 2015 Biennial is sponsored by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Art Commission, pinkcomma gallery, BSA Space and the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy. A related introductory exhibition curated by pinkcomma is located at BSA Space (290 Congress Street).The four site-specific installations include a 17-foot-high landmark that acts as an urban periscope constructed of 350 custom-fabricated glass blocks a series of chambers enclosed by resin-infused fiberglass that forms a surprising collective interior space a field of 18 reconstituted wharf pilings recycled from a shipyard in Boston Harbor and a lattice-like structure composed of more than one thousand wood and metal components to create an intimate gathering space.""Boston has a vibrant talent pool of designers, and these four installations remind us of how creative artists can be when given opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is on its way to becoming a municipal arts leader, and implementing this type of exciting and thoughtful work into the public realm is what gets us closer to that goal.""""Boston is home to a healthy, vibrant design community,"" said Joyce Linehan, Chief of Policy for the City of Boston. ""We have world-renowned architects, artists and innovators. We have outstanding schools that specialize in design. We have all the tools we need to meet the Mayor's challenge to think big about our built environment as we embark on our first citywide plan in 50 years. The emerging designers represented here exemplify the spirit of imagination that will inform our process.""""This fourth installment of the Biennial has moved outdoors to put the work ofemerging designers on display in an exciting and very public way,"" said Chris Grimley of pinkcomma gallery and over, under, a Boston-based interdisciplinary practice with expertise in architecture, urban design, graphic identity, and publications, and one of the exhibition's curators. ""At a time when the Mayor has brought forth urgent questions about the quality of buildings being produced in the city, the Biennial participants demonstrate how Boston's new design talent can be drawn on for its innovative thinking and ability to respond to the challenges we will face in the future.""The previous design work of each team is presented at BSA Space, as are the ideas behind their installations. The public is invited to tour the exhibition and then pass through the Greenway. The works are located on two blocks along Atlantic Avenue, the first with three installations between Congress and Pearl Streets, the second with one installation nearest to High Street. The sites are immediately adjacent to the 250-foot-high suspended art piece, As If It Were Already Here, near South Station, by Janet Echelman.""We are excited to host the 2015 Biennial on the Greenway,"" said Lucas Cowan, curator of public art for the Greenway Conservancy. ""With the Biennial installations and Janet Echelman's piece so close to one another, the Greenway has become home to a wonderful confluence of architecture and public art, showcasing innovative thinkers who make Greater Boston their home.""""This year's Design Biennial Boston has provided four outstanding emerging designers with an invaluable chance to engage the wider public in their imaginative work,"" said panelist Tim Love AIA, 2015 president of the BSA and a Biennial participant in 2008. ""BSA Space is pleased to host the introductory exhibition and support the Biennial. We believe that Boston's future is in good hands if these brilliant minds are given more opportunities to shape our city.""The jury for the 2015 Biennial included curators Chris Grimley, Michael Kubo, and Mark Pasnik AIA (pinkcomma gallery) along with Lucas Cowan (Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy), Eden Dutcher (GroundView), Michael Evans (Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics), Mary Fichtner (BSA Space), Karin Goodfellow (Boston Art Commission), Dan Hisel (Dan Hisel Architect/Wentworth Institute), Eric Hweler AIA (Hweler + Yoon/Harvard University), Tim Love AIA (Utile/Northeastern University/2015 BSA President) and Ana Mijlacki (Project_/MIT)."
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 16, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $100,000 Our Town award to the City of Boston from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to support an Artists in Residency program within city government, hosted by the Mayor's office of Arts and Culture.""This Our Town award signifies the City's dedication to engaging and growing with the arts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the National Endowment for the Arts for recognizing Boston's important role in maintaining and enhancing our cultural capital.""""The City of Boston demonstrates the best in creative community development and whose work will have a valuable impact on its community,"" said NEA Chairman Jane Chu. ""Through Our Town funding, arts organizations continue to spark vitality that support neighborhoods and public spaces, enhancing a sense of place for residents and visitors alike.""As part of the City's Cultural Planning Process, called Boston Creates, the Artists in Residency program will work to directly connect local artists with city departments and the municipal planning process, informing policy around civic practice and the role of artists in government and community work. The City is working to identify which departments will host these artists, and will use this program as a pilot learning lab for how artists in residence can be institutionalized in other departments and agencies. The cohort of artists will receive capacity development, training and support focused on the growth of their ability.More information about this process will be available in the coming months.The mission of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is to foster the growth and well-being of the cultural community and promote participation in the arts. Recognizing the importance of creativity across all policy areas, the Office seeks to promote access to arts and culture to all of Boston's residents and to make Boston a municipal arts leader. The Office will partner with the Massachusetts College of Art and Design (MassArt) to implement the Artists in Residency program.""The Mayor has charged us with thinking about ways that the arts can be integrated into initiatives and functions across city government,"" said Chief of Arts and Culture Julie Burros. ""We want to explore ways in which creativity can help us deliver city services. Embedding artists in city departments will certainly result in great collaborations.""MassArt is a natural partner to collaborate with the City of Boston on this project. As a public institution, MassArt is dedicated to accessibility and community engagement, as well as excellence in arts programming, and MassArt maintains a network of public, private, non-profit, local, city, state, national and international relationships.""We are proud to be the City's primary partner for this important initiative,"" said Acting President of MassArt Kurt Steinberg. ""Civic and community engagement are at the core of MassArt's mission and I am excited for the MassArt community to contribute its creative talents, expertise and energy to the City of Boston's Artists in Residency program.""""The Our Town project is another step in the City of Boston's leadership in arts policy,"" said NEA Director of Design Programs Jason Schupbach. ""It's a fantastic example of putting artists at the center of government innovation, and the NEA is excited to see where it leads.""In total, NEA announced 69 awards of almost $5 million through the Our Town program's fifth year of funding. The NEA received 275 applications for Our Town this year and will make grants ranging from $25,000 to $200,000.The Our Town grant program supports creative placemaking projects that help to transform communities into lively, beautiful and resilient places with the arts at their core. Since the program's inception in 2011 and including these projects, the NEA has awarded 325 Our Town grants totaling almost $26 million in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia."
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 16, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $100,000 Our Town award to the City of Boston from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to support an Artists in Residency program within city government, hosted by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture.""This Our Town award signifies the City's dedication to engaging and growing with the arts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the National Endowment for the Arts for recognizing Boston's important role in maintaining and enhancing our cultural capital.""""The City of Boston demonstrates the best in creative community development and whose work will have a valuable impact on its community,"" said NEA Chairman Jane Chu. ""Through Our Town funding, arts organizations continue to spark vitality that support neighborhoods and public spaces, enhancing a sense of place for residents and visitors alike.""As part of the City's Cultural Planning Process, called Boston Creates, the Artists in Residency program will work to directly connect local artists with city departments and the municipal planning process, informing policy around civic practice and the role of artists in government and community work. The City is working to identify which departments will host these artists, and will use this program as a pilot learning lab for how artists in residence can be institutionalized in other departments and agencies. The cohort of artists will receive capacity development, training and support focused on the growth of their ability.More information about this process will be available in the coming months.The mission of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is to foster the growth and well-being of the cultural community and promote participation in the arts. Recognizing the importance of creativity across all policy areas, the Office seeks to promote access to arts and culture to all of Boston's residents and to make Boston a municipal arts leader. The Office will partner with the Massachusetts College of Art and Design (MassArt) to implement the Artists in Residency program.""The Mayor has charged us with thinking about ways that the arts can be integrated into initiatives and functions across city government,"" said Chief of Arts and Culture Julie Burros. ""We want to explore ways in which creativity can help us deliver city services. Embedding artists in city departments will certainly result in great collaborations.""MassArt is a natural partner to collaborate with the City of Boston on this project. As a public institution, MassArt is dedicated to accessibility and community engagement, as well as excellence in arts programming, and MassArt maintains a network of public, private, non-profit, local, city, state, national and international relationships.""We are proud to be the City's primary partner for this important initiative,"" said Acting President of MassArt Kurt Steinberg. ""Civic and community engagement are at the core of MassArt's mission and I am excited for the MassArt community to contribute its creative talents, expertise and energy to the City of Boston's Artists in Residency program.""""The Our Town project is another step in the City of Boston's leadership in arts policy,"" said NEA Director of Design Programs Jason Schupbach. ""It's a fantastic example of putting artists at the center of government innovation, and the NEA is excited to see where it leads.""In total, NEA announced 69 awards of almost $5 million through the Our Town program's fifth year of funding. The NEA received 275 applications for Our Town this year and will make grants ranging from $25,000 to $200,000.The Our Town grant program supports creative placemaking projects that help to transform communities into lively, beautiful and resilient places with the arts at their core. Since the program's inception in 2011 and including these projects, the NEA has awarded 325 Our Town grants totaling almost $26 million in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh will participate in a conference organized by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences fromMonday, July 20 - Wednesday, July 22in Vatican City to discuss human trafficking and climate change with leaders from around the world.""I am honored to have the opportunity to represent the City of Boston at the Vatican to discuss the vital issues of human trafficking and protecting our environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to sharing Boston's progress with my peers from around the world and exploring how we can work together to prepare our cities for the future."" The workshops, titled ""The Modern Slavery and Climate Change"" and""Prosperity, People, and Planet: Achieving Sustainable Development in Our Cities""will bring together mayors, local administrators and religious leaders from major cities around the world together to request that the United Nations (UN) consider modern slavery and human trafficking a crime against humanity, as well as put pressure on the UN to approve new sustainable development goals. Mayor Walsh will share best practices in the fight against human trafficking and climate change in the City of Boston.The Mayor will also attend a reception with the U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican, Ken Hackett.Mayor Walsh is committed to ending human trafficking in the City of Boston. He is among 11 mayors in a network launched in February called Cities Empowered Against Sexual Exploitation (CEASE). CEASE Boston targets men who are buying sex on the streets, and quietly using the Internet to solicit sex. The program aims to reduce online demand activity by 20 percent, as well as street level activity by 80 percent, over the next two years.In January, Mayor Walsh released the Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts of climate change and celebrating the City's progress towards reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city.The Mayor will depart Boston onSunday, July 19and return onThursday, July 23. A more detailed schedule will be announced in the coming days. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $100,000 Our Town award to the City of Boston from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to support an Artists in Residency program within city government, hosted by the Mayor's office of Arts and Culture.""This Our Town award signifies the City's dedication to engaging and growing with the arts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the National Endowment for the Arts for recognizing Boston's important role in maintaining and enhancing our cultural capital.""""The City of Boston demonstrates the best in creative community development and whose work will have a valuable impact on its community,"" said NEA Chairman Jane Chu. ""Through Our Town funding, arts organizations continue to spark vitality that support neighborhoods and public spaces, enhancing a sense of place for residents and visitors alike.""As part of the City's Cultural Planning Process, called Boston Creates, the Artists in Residency program will work to directly connect local artists with city departments and the municipal planning process, informing policy around civic practice and the role of artists in government and community work. The City is working to identify which departments will host these artists, and will use this program as a pilot learning lab for how artists in residence can be institutionalized in other departments and agencies. The cohort of artists will receive capacity development, training and support focused on the growth of their ability.More information about this process will be available in the coming months.The mission of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture is to foster the growth and well-being of the cultural community and promote participation in the arts. Recognizing the importance of creativity across all policy areas, the Office seeks to promote access to arts and culture to all of Boston's residents and to make Boston a municipal arts leader. The Office will partner with the Massachusetts College of Art and Design (MassArt) to implement the Artists in Residency program.""The Mayor has charged us with thinking about ways that the arts can be integrated into initiatives and functions across city government,"" said Chief of Arts and Culture Julie Burros. ""We want to explore ways in which creativity can help us deliver city services. Embedding artists in city departments will certainly result in great collaborations.""MassArt is a natural partner to collaborate with the City of Boston on this project. As a public institution, MassArt is dedicated to accessibility and community engagement, as well as excellence in arts programming, and MassArt maintains a network of public, private, non-profit, local, city, state, national and international relationships.""We are proud to be the City's primary partner for this important initiative,"" said Acting President of MassArt Kurt Steinberg. ""Civic and community engagement are at the core of MassArt's mission and I am excited for the MassArt community to contribute its creative talents, expertise and energy to the City of Boston's Artists in Residency program.""""The Our Town project is another step in the City of Boston's leadership in arts policy,"" said NEA Director of Design Programs Jason Schupbach. ""It's a fantastic example of putting artists at the center of government innovation, and the NEA is excited to see where it leads.""In total, NEA announced 69 awards of almost $5 million through the Our Town program's fifth year of funding. The NEA received 275 applications for Our Town this year and will make grants ranging from $25,000 to $200,000.The Our Town grant program supports creative placemaking projects that help to transform communities into lively, beautiful and resilient places with the arts at their core. Since the program's inception in 2011 and including these projects, the NEA has awarded 325 Our Town grants totaling almost $26 million in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 15, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh will participate in a conference organized by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences fromMonday, July 20 - Wednesday, July 22in Vatican City to discuss human trafficking and climate change with leaders from around the world.""I am honored to have the opportunity to represent the City of Boston at the Vatican to discuss the vital issues of human trafficking and protecting our environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to sharing Boston's progress with my peers from around the world and exploring how we can work together to prepare our cities for the future."" The workshops, titled ""The Modern Slavery and Climate Change"" and""Prosperity, People, and Planet: Achieving Sustainable Development in Our Cities""will bring together mayors, local administrators and religious leaders from major cities around the world together to request that the United Nations (UN) consider modern slavery and human trafficking a crime against humanity, as well as put pressure on the UN to approve new sustainable development goals. Mayor Walsh will share best practices in the fight against human trafficking and climate change in the City of Boston.The Mayor will also attend a reception with the U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican, Ken Hackett.Mayor Walsh is committed to ending human trafficking in the City of Boston. He is among 11 mayors in a network launched in February called Cities Empowered Against Sexual Exploitation (CEASE). CEASE Boston targets men who are buying sex on the streets, and quietly using the Internet to solicit sex. The program aims to reduce online demand activity by 20 percent, as well as street level activity by 80 percent, over the next two years.In January, Mayor Walsh released the Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts of climate change and celebrating the City's progress towards reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city.The Mayor will depart Boston onSunday, July 19and return onThursday, July 23. A more detailed schedule will be announced in the coming days."
"For the first time, the event this year will feature food prepared by local celebrity chefs, including Jody Adams of Rialto Joanne Chang of Flour Rachel Klein of Liquid Art House Jennifer Park of Forge, Bloc 11 and Diesel Caf Seta Dakessian of Seta's Caf and Mary Bandereck of Topsfield Bakeshop. Jody Adams and Jennifer Park will be participating in the bike ride as well. Music for the event will be provided by Zili Misik, an award winning all-female band performing African, Caribbean and American soul.""I encourage women from Boston and all over the region to take part inSaturday'sexciting event,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This healthy and fun annual event always offers a terrific day, but it will prove to be even more festive and exciting this year thanks to our celebrity chefs and musicians.""Group rides of 10, 30 and 50 miles will start and end at Daisy Field located at Willow Pond and the Jamaicaway in Jamaica Plain. Cyclists will travel along the Emerald Necklace in Jamaica Plain, with a rest stop at the Powisset Farm in Dover. Along the way, riders will enjoy ""bites"" prepared by participating premier chefs. Cyclists will be welcomed back to the park at the end of the ride for live music performed by Zili Misik. In addition, there will be skills clinics in mechanics, commuting and road cycling. Instructors from Boston Bikes will be on-hand offering a learn-to-ride clinic for women who never learned to bicycle or who would like to brush up on their cycling skills.""Cycling continues to be an active recreational activity and it's great to see more women are embracing bikes as a viable method of transportation as well,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""For women of all experience levels with biking,Boston Bikes and Bitesis an opportunity to exercise and enjoy the outdoors together on a nice day in the city.""Registration and a $35 fee is required with discounts available for low-income Boston residents.Boston Bikes is part of Mayor Walsh's vision for a vibrant and healthy city that benefits all of its citizens. A division of the Boston Transportation Department, Boston Bikes seeks to make Boston a world-class bicycling city by creating safe and inviting conditions for all residents and visitors, with a focus on improvements in all six universal bike planning areas: Engineering, Enforcement, Education, Encouragement, Equity and Evaluation.Boston Bikes and Bitesis a part of the Boston Bikes' Women's Initiative, a series of rides, biking socials and clinics designed to encourage women to experience the benefits of biking in Boston. The event is sponsored by Ciclismo Classico, a company specializing in bicycle tours.Boston Bikes and Bitesis organized in partnership with River's Edge Cycling, which produces an annual Berkshires to Boston Bike Ride."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh is proud to announce the City of Boston will launch the Dorothy CurranWednesdayNight Concert Series with an opening night performance by the City ofBelfastYouth Orchestra (CBYO) onJuly 15 at 7 p.m.on City Hall Plaza. ""We are continuing to strengthen our Sister-City relationship with the City ofBelfastthrough positive and productive exchanges,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased to welcome these young people Boston as we make City Hall Plaza a welcoming and entertaining location for residents and visitors to enjoy.""Originally formed in 1955, the CBYO is considered one of the top youth orchestras in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Europe. As the first stop in its 60th Anniversary Concert Tour to the United States, Conductor Paul McBride and the 82 member orchestra will perform a mixture of light classical repertoire with some Irish favorites.""We are delighted to make Boston the first stop on our U.S. tour, and are looking forward to bringing classical and Celtic entertainment to concertgoers,"" said Paul McBride, conductor of the City ofBelfastYouth Orchestra.All shows begin at7 p.m.and are presented by Mayor Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with sponsor Eastern Bank. Now celebrating 43 years as Boston's longest-running free outdoor concert series to the heart of the city.For more information, call617-635-3911, visitwww.boston.gov/summer, or follow@VisitBostonCityon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue), or Park Street (Green and Red) stations."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, July 14, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announcedBoston Bikes and Bites, the largest biking event for women in New England will take place thisSaturday, July 18. For the first time, the event this year will feature food prepared by local celebrity chefs, including Jody Adams of Rialto Joanne Chang of Flour Rachel Klein of Liquid Art House Jennifer Park of Forge, Bloc 11 and Diesel Caf Seta Dakessian of Seta's Caf and Mary Bandereck of Topsfield Bakeshop. Jody Adams and Jennifer Park will be participating in the bike ride as well. Music for the event will be provided by Zili Misik, an award winning all-female band performing African, Caribbean and American soul.""I encourage women from Boston and all over the region to take part inSaturday'sexciting event,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This healthy and fun annual event always offers a terrific day, but it will prove to be even more festive and exciting this year thanks to our celebrity chefs and musicians.""Group rides of 10, 30 and 50 miles will start and end at Daisy Field located at Willow Pond and the Jamaicaway in Jamaica Plain. Cyclists will travel along the Emerald Necklace in Jamaica Plain, with a rest stop at the Powisset Farm in Dover. Along the way, riders will enjoy ""bites"" prepared by participating premier chefs. Cyclists will be welcomed back to the park at the end of the ride for live music performed by Zili Misik. In addition, there will be skills clinics in mechanics, commuting and road cycling. Instructors from Boston Bikes will be on-hand offering a learn-to-ride clinic for women who never learned to bicycle or who would like to brush up on their cycling skills.""Cycling continues to be an active recreational activity and it's great to see more women are embracing bikes as a viable method of transportation as well,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. ""For women of all experience levels with biking,Boston Bikes and Bitesis an opportunity to exercise and enjoy the outdoors together on a nice day in the city.""Registration and a $35 fee is required with discounts available for low-income Boston residents. Men who would like to volunteer are encouraged to visit the website to sign up. Proceeds from the cycling event will benefit local organizations working to promote healthy living.Boston Bikes is part of Mayor Walsh's vision for a vibrant and healthy city that benefits all of its citizens. A division of the Boston Transportation Department, Boston Bikes seeks to make Boston a world-class bicycling city by creating safe and inviting conditions for all residents and visitors, with a focus on improvements in all six universal bike planning areas: Engineering, Enforcement, Education, Encouragement, Equity and Evaluation.Boston Bikes and Bitesis a part of the Boston Bikes' Women's Initiative, a series of rides, biking socials and clinics designed to encourage women to experience the benefits of biking in Boston. The event is sponsored by Ciclismo Classico, a company specializing in bicycle tours.Boston Bikes and Bitesis organized in partnership with River's Edge Cycling, which produces an annual Berkshires to Boston Bike Ride."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, July 14, 2015-Mayor Martin J. Walsh is proud to announce the City of Boston will launch the Dorothy CurranWednesdayNight Concert Series with an opening night performance by the City ofBelfastYouth Orchestra (CBYO) onJuly 15 at 7 p.m.on City Hall Plaza.  ""We are continuing to strengthen our Sister-City relationship with the City ofBelfastthrough positive and productive exchanges,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased to welcome these young people Boston as we make City Hall Plaza a welcoming and entertaining location for residents and visitors to enjoy.""Originally formed in 1955, the CBYO is considered one of the top youth orchestras in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Europe. As the first stop in its 60th Anniversary Concert Tour to the United States, Conductor Paul McBride and the 82 member orchestra will perform a mixture of light classical repertoire with some Irish favorites.""We are delighted to make Boston the first stop on our U.S. tour, and are looking forward to bringing classical and Celtic entertainment to concertgoers,"" said Paul McBride, conductor of the City ofBelfastYouth Orchestra.All shows begin at7 p.m.and are presented by Mayor Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with sponsor Eastern Bank. Now celebrating 43 years as Boston's longest-running free outdoor concert series to the heart of the city.For more information, call617-635-3911, or follow@VisitBostonCityon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue), or Park Street (Green and Red) stations."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today welcomed The Hermione, a replica of the ship that brought France's Marquis de Lafayette to Boston during the American Revolution, to Boston Harbor. Today's event was part of a weekend long celebration of Boston's historical past.The Hermoine is an 18th century frigate that carried the Marquis de Lafayette and news of French support for America during the American Revolution to Boston 1780- a key turning point in the war against the British. The Friends of Hermione-Lafayette in America, Inc. (FOHLA), a non-profit educational and cultural organization, is sponsoring its historic return to Boston, as part of her U.S. summer tour up the eastern seaboard. She is docked in Rowes Wharf and is open to the public for tours on Saturday from 12 p.m. - 4 p.m. and Sunday from 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. For more information visit: www.hermione2015.comArriving at Fan Pier in the Seaport yesterday, the Portuguese Navy's Tall Ship Sagresarrived as part of Sail Boston 2015. The Sagres is one of the world's most iconic Tall Ships, known by her white sails emblazoned with red crosses. Built in 1937, the 294-foot-long, 3-masted barque was originally a training vessel for the German Navy before she taken as a war reparation by the United States after World War II and given to Brazil in 1948. Acquired by Portugal in 1962, the Sagres serves as a naval training vessel. She has visited more than 60 countries and circumnavigated the globe three times, most recently in 2010 during a nearly yearlong voyage of approximately 35,000 miles.The Sagres will be open to the public for tours on Saturday, July 11 and Sunday, July 12 from 10:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. and Monday, July 13 from 10:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.Times are subject to change at the Captain's discretion.On Sunday, July 12, Cunard's Queen Mary 2 will dock at Black Falcon Cruise Terminal in the Seaport. In honor of Cunard's 175th Anniversary, there will be a public fireworks show in Boston Harbor on Sunday evening at 9:45 p.m., sponsored by Cunard.About Sail Boston, Inc.Since 1992, Sail Boston, Inc., a 501 (c)3 not-for-profit organization, has hosted more than 300 international tall ships and vessels of interest to Boston and many Massachusetts coastal communities. Sail Boston, Inc. endeavors to develop programs that provide economic development and cultural enrichment for citizens, businesses and visitors in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. For more information on Sail Boston, Inc. and Sail Boston 2017, please visit SailBoston.com
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) will host BCYF Teen Nights, and weekly BCYF Super Fun Stops, giving Boston teens more options for evening fun. Beginning July 17, these events invite teens to BCYF community centers and adjacent parks for a variety of activities.We are continuing to build options for our older youth during the summer, said Mayor Walsh. These Teen Nights and Super Fun Stops offer teens an opportunity to have fun with their friends in a structured, safe, and supportive environment.TheTeen Nightsschedule is as follows:Friday, July 17: Music, skating, pool party and video gamesBCYF Holland Community Center, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester7 p.m. to 12 midnightFriday, July 31: Open mic, talent showcase, pool party, games, and video gaming busBCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center, 5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan6-11 p.m.Friday, August 14: Olympic ChallengeBCYF Tobin Community Center, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill7-10 p.m.Friday, August 28: Summer Fun ExplosionBCYF Shelburne Community Center, 2730 Washington Street, Roxbury8-11 p.m.BCYF Super Fun Stops, supported by The Boston Foundation, will be held several times a week at locations including the BCYF Blackstone Community Center in the South End, BCYF Charlestown Community Center, BCYF Holland Community Center in Dorchester, and BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center in Mattapan. Dates, times, and activities vary each week, and include game nights, skating parties, pool parties, and art nights. The complete schedule can be found at https://www.Boston.Gov/BCYF.For more information about the Teen Nights or Super Fun Stops, please contact the community center directly. Updates and changes to the schedule can be found on Twitter, @BCYFCenters, and Facebook, https://www.facebook.com/BCYFBoston.BCYF serves thousands of young people during the summer through day camps and full-day programs, teens-only and girls-only programs, sports and fitness programs, the BCYF Streetworker Program and family-friendly neighborhood block parties.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an archaeological survey at the 1859 Industrial School for Girls property, located at 232 Centre Street in Dorchester. The property is currently owned by the Epiphany School, an independent, tuition-free middle school for Boston children from economically-disadvantaged backgrounds. The Industrial School for Girls is the oldest purpose-built school for girlsThe archaeological dig will staffed by City Archaeology Program volunteers, who will be joined by a team of young people employed in the Community Dream Team program offered through the Mayors Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. The Team will participate in all aspects of scientific excavation and recording, community engagement, interpretation and artifact processing.It's exciting to see so many young people getting involved in uncovering the history of their neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. ""These projects not only bring our history to life, they provide valuable work and learning opportunities for our City's youth.""Were excited to have so many interesting archaeological projects this summer in Boston that involve early schools, and applaud the young people who are assisting as dig team members, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Energy, Environment and Open Space.?Current students from the Epiphany School will also work on the dig, and will help in excavating and interpreting the artifacts recovered. The students will also create a display on the archaeology of the site for the new building.We are honored to have Joe Bagley and his team here for this exciting project. Its not every day that a school gets to have a professional archaeological dig in its own backyard! said John Finley, the Head of School.We are honored to have City Archaeologist Joe Bagley and his team here for this exciting project,"" said John Finley, Head of the Epiphany School. ""Its not every day that a school gets to have a professional archaeological dig in its own backyard!This collaboration with the City Archaeology Program is a wonderful opportunity for young people to gain a meaningful work experience, where they can learn new skills as well as engage with members of the community through their work,"" said Yves Singletary, Youth and Career Coordinator for the City of Boston. ""For a lot of them this is an experience that they probably never would have gotten without being a part of the cities summer employment program.""City of Boston Archaeologist Joseph Bagley will lead his volunteer team in the dig, which began on July 6. Crews are excavating a series of narrow trenches in the location of a former outbuilding in an attempt to re-locate the foundation of the outbuilding and any associated privy (outhouse) it may have contained. The dig is scheduled to last between two and four weeks depending on the results of the survey.Extensive research prior to the excavations has revealed detailed insight into the lives of the property and the girls who attended the school. The building was purpose-built in 1859 to house approximately 15-30 girls, annually, between 6 and 15-years-old. The girls were predominantly daughters of recent immigrants living in Massachusetts, but others arrived from as far away as Ohio, Virginia and New Brunswick, Canada. Some were admitted for being runaways, fatherless, daughters of young mothers or sailors who were abroad. Applicants were only rejected if they were under 6 years of age or if their home life was not disruptive enough to warrant intervention.The girls were responsible for taking care of the property and were actively trained by house matrons in Victorian domestic arts in an effort to transform them into proper Victorian ladies. While called a school, most of the girls attended the former Dorchester High School next door where the Dr. William W. Henderson Inclusion Elementary School is currently located, at the corner of Centre Street and Dorchester Avenue. Between its opening in 1859 and the 1873-1874 school year, 171 girls attended the school. In 1941, the School merged with the New England Home for Little Wanderers and housed high school girls involved in the court system. It was closed and purchased in 2011 and is currently owned by the Epiphany School and used to house their teaching fellows. The Epiphany School has plans to restore the building and build a new building surrounding the western and northern yard of the existing school building. These plans will include the development of a portion of the yard that formerly held a wooden outbuilding, which was demolished in 1950. Archaeological investigation of the former outbuilding are part of efforts made between the Epiphany School and the Boston Landmarks Commission, which includes the City Archaeology Program, to mitigate impacts to the historic building and landscape with future development.Archaeologists are hoping to find the foundations of the 19th century outbuilding and will test for the presence of privy deposits within or against the former structure. Artifacts within the outbuilding and a privy, if encountered, will reveal new information about the lives of the girls who lived within the building. These artifacts may include household items such as glassware and dishes, tea sets, food remains and personal items.It is extremely rare that we have a site with so few historic variables,"" said Bagley. ""We know that the privy would have only been in use for about 20 years, it would have only been used by girls, the girls would have been aged 6-15 years old, and we know all of their names, ethnicity and social backgrounds, If we find a privy, we will be able to reveal so much more information about the lives of these girls than their basic statistics. We will know about their Victorian domestic training from sewing items, tea services and food, and we will even be able to see just how rebellious they were if they disposed of contraband goods in the outhouse where nobody would have looked for them.The archaeological team has already made progress in locating the foundation of the former carriage house. Artifacts uncovered include doll parts, marbles, large communal serving dishes, chamber pots and many white glass buttons.Fieldwork will continue Monday-Friday from 9AM to 5PM rain or shine, except during thunderstorms, and visitors are welcome. Progress of the dig can be followed through live updates on the City Archaeology Program media pages including Facebook at facebook.com/bostonarchaeologyprogram and on twitter or Instagram at @bostonarchaeo.About the Epiphany SchoolThe Epiphany School is a tuition-free middle school founded in 1997 serving approximately 90 students in grades 5-8. The Early Learning Center planned for construction on the property of the two-acre Industrial School for Girls property includes an early education program from infants and toddlers, community space, an office for graduate support, housing for Teaching Fellows, a wooded play area and a greenhouse.About the City Archaeology ProgramEstablished in 1983, the City Archaeology Program strives to preserve, protect and promote Bostons archaeological heritage. With hundreds of known archaeological sites documented in Boston spanning nearly 10,000 years of human history, the City Archaeologist and a dedicated team of volunteers work to review development projects, excavate archaeological sites on public land and manage over 1,000,000 artifacts excavated from dozens of archaeological surveys stored in the City Archaeology Laboratory repository."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang to announce that over 6,500 Boston school children have enrolled in 78 summer learning programs in diverse, non-traditional settings around the city as part of the Boston Summer Learning Project, a coordinated public-private effort boosted by nearly $2 million in private funding.The Mayor also issued a challenge for additional innovative programs to join the Boston Summer Learning Community, setting a goal of enrolling 10,000 school children in 100 summer learning programs over the next two years.Mayor Walsh made the announcement surrounded by Boston students and nonprofit leaders at the Sportsmen's Tennis and Enrichment Center in Dorchester alongside leaders from the Boston Public Schools and Boston After School & Beyond.""When we create opportunities for our young people we set them on a pathway to a successful future, and build a stronger city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank our partners for their support, and urge more summer programs to get involved to support our future.""Unlike traditional summer school programs offered exclusively in school facilities, the Boston Summer Learning Project will immerse youth in new, exciting environments-such as natural preservations, the Harbor Islands, college campuses and workplaces-with an explicit focus on building skills in addition to academic content. Each program is full-day and offers a comprehensive list of enrichment activities to complement more formal academic instruction.These programs support specific groups of students, including English language learners, recent immigrants, off-track high school students, youth assigned to mandatory summer school and rising 9th graders. Several of these programs are part of national research examining the effects of summer learning in school-year performance and social-emotional development. ""Research suggests that this rigorous model of summer learning gets results,"" said BPS Superintendent Chang. ""The Summer Learning Project is showing us how to use time and place differently in order to boost the skills necessary for school and college success.""All 78 sites use the same set of measurement tools to assess program quality and student skill development from multiple perspectives. Trained observers and students themselves will evaluate programs on factors such as structure, support and engagement.""Summer is a prime time for learning and innovation,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond. ""Especially when different programs use the same measures to gauge success.""The Boston Summer Learning Project is part of a national study, funded by The Wallace Foundation, on how summer learning affects academic performance and social-emotional development. A recent study from RAND showed that Boston 4th graders attending a voluntary, summer learning program entered school in the fall with a statistically significant advantage in mathematics, compared to their peers who did not attend the program.Low-income and minority students traditionally have less access to educational summer programming, leaving them behind their more well-off peers once they return to school in the fall. Research has shown this effect is cumulative over years, disproportionately affects low-income youth, and is a major contributor to the achievement gap between low-income and their higher-income peers.The Boston Summer Learning Project was launched in 2010 by the Boston Public Schools and Boston After School & Beyond, in partnership with the Boston Opportunity Agenda."
Today, the Boston Public Library announced thattheChroniqueAnonyme Universelle, or Genealogy of the Bible, a 35-foot scroll and manuscript dating from approximately 1470-1479 is now available online. The ornate manuscript depicts the history of the world from Creation to 1380, tracing the genealogy of individuals from the Bible to the royal houses of France and England, and weaving in biblical stories alongside Roman and Greek history. Users can view the scroll at the BPLsDigital Commonwealthportal, zooming into the piece to see the historic writing and colorful images of castles, medieval sword fights, and the Garden of Eden.This is a wonderful example of what is possible when our collections expertise, digital, technical and software expertise all come together to showcase a rare and beautiful item with great historical and narrative significance. And, partnerships with organizations like the Associates are key to bringing more of these items out into the digital light of the modern world, said David Leonard, Interim President of Boston Public Library.TheChronique AnonymeUniversellefeatures a Christian genealogy of the Bible, beginning with the creation of the world and continuing to the foundation of London in 1380. The scroll features biblical stories, ancient histories of Rome and Greece, and the royal houses of France and England. Viewers will also see a genealogical tree from Adam to Romulus and Remus. The manuscript features Gothic script with Parisian artwork, and miniature illustrations in medallions with decorative letters, floral designs, and borders in blue, green, red, brown, and gold. Lisa Fagin Davis, a leading Medieval scholar, researched and described the manuscript for the BPL.It is our great pleasure to share theChronique AnonymeUniversellein its entirety and to bring viewers back to a significant time period that explores so many elements of our collective history, said Tom Blake, Digital Projects Manager. Boston Public Library is proud of our ongoing commitment to digitize our collections and connect audiences with a breadth of items they may not see otherwise.The scroll, conserved by the Associates of the Boston Public Library and digitized by Boston College, is part of theBPLs Medieval and Early Renaissance Manuscripts Collection of Distinction, comprised of religious and devotional texts, as well as secular and scientific titles, many of which are illuminated. These unique and ancient manuscripts are some of the best sources for understanding the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, revealing many elements of the artistic, intellectual, and spiritual life of the period. The BPL has 27 Collections of Distinction representing the most outstanding, expansive, and renowned of the librarys more than 23 million items.Digital Commonwealthis Massachusetts digital library, providing a means of managing and preserving digital collections to ensure they will be accessible to future generations. The deep-zooming viewer and theDigital Commonwealthsite were developed at the BPL using open-source software and technical standards established by the research library community. The BPL's technical stewardship of Digital Commonwealth demonstrates the library's commitment to developing and providing library specific technological resources to libraries and museums around the state, bringing a wealth of unique historical collections to life with elegant features such as the zooming viewer and interactive maps. During the month of June the Boston Pictorial Archive, Winslow Homer Illustrations, Social and Political Cartoons, and Stereograph collections were added to Digital Commonwealth. Since 2005 BPL has digitized more than 150,000 photo archives, books, maps, manuscripts, prints, and other materials. Items available at Digital Commonwealth also become available through the Digital Public Library of America.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"BOSTON - Monday, July 13, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an archaeological survey at the 1859 Industrial School for Girls property, located at 232 Centre Street in Dorchester. The property is currently owned by the Epiphany School, an independent, tuition-free middle school for Boston children from economically-disadvantaged backgrounds. The Industrial School for Girls is the oldest purpose-built school for girlsThe archaeological dig will staffed by City Archaeology Program volunteers, who will be joined by a team of young people employed in the Community Dream Team program offered through the Mayors Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. The Team will participate in all aspects of scientific excavation and recording, community engagement, interpretation and artifact processing.It's exciting to see so many young people getting involved in uncovering the history of their neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. ""These projects not only bring our history to life, they provide valuable work and learning opportunities for our City's youth.""Were excited to have so many interesting archaeological projects this summer in Boston that involve early schools, and applaud the young people who are assisting as dig team members, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Energy, Environment and Open Space.?Current students from the Epiphany School will also work on the dig, and will help in excavating and interpreting the artifacts recovered. The students will also create a display on the archaeology of the site for the new building.We are honored to have Joe Bagley and his team here for this exciting project. Its not every day that a school gets to have a professional archaeological dig in its own backyard! said John Finley, the Head of School.We are honored to have City Archaeologist Joe Bagley and his team here for this exciting project,"" said John Finley, Head of the Epiphany School. ""Its not every day that a school gets to have a professional archaeological dig in its own backyard!This collaboration with the City Archaeology Program is a wonderful opportunity for young people to gain a meaningful work experience, where they can learn new skills as well as engage with members of the community through their work,"" said Yves Singletary, Youth and Career Coordinator for the City of Boston. ""For a lot of them this is an experience that they probably never would have gotten without being a part of the cities summer employment program.""City of Boston Archaeologist Joseph Bagley will lead his volunteer team in the dig, which began on July 6. Crews are excavating a series of narrow trenches in the location of a former outbuilding in an attempt to re-locate the foundation of the outbuilding and any associated privy (outhouse) it may have contained. The dig is scheduled to last between two and four weeks depending on the results of the survey.Extensive research prior to the excavations has revealed detailed insight into the lives of the property and the girls who attended the school. The building was purpose-built in 1859 to house approximately 15-30 girls, annually, between 6 and 15-years-old. The girls were predominantly daughters of recent immigrants living in Massachusetts, but others arrived from as far away as Ohio, Virginia and New Brunswick, Canada. Some were admitted for being runaways, fatherless, daughters of young mothers or sailors who were abroad. Applicants were only rejected if they were under 6 years of age or if their home life was not disruptive enough to warrant intervention.The girls were responsible for taking care of the property and were actively trained by house matrons in Victorian domestic arts in an effort to transform them into proper Victorian ladies. While called a school, most of the girls attended the former Dorchester High School next door where the Dr. William W. Henderson Inclusion Elementary School is currently located, at the corner of Centre Street and Dorchester Avenue. Between its opening in 1859 and the 1873-1874 school year, 171 girls attended the school. In 1941, the School merged with the New England Home for Little Wanderers and housed high school girls involved in the court system. It was closed and purchased in 2011 and is currently owned by the Epiphany School and used to house their teaching fellows. The Epiphany School has plans to restore the building and build a new building surrounding the western and northern yard of the existing school building. These plans will include the development of a portion of the yard that formerly held a wooden outbuilding, which was demolished in 1950. Archaeological investigation of the former outbuilding are part of efforts made between the Epiphany School and the Boston Landmarks Commission, which includes the City Archaeology Program, to mitigate impacts to the historic building and landscape with future development.Archaeologists are hoping to find the foundations of the 19th century outbuilding and will test for the presence of privy deposits within or against the former structure. Artifacts within the outbuilding and a privy, if encountered, will reveal new information about the lives of the girls who lived within the building. These artifacts may include household items such as glassware and dishes, tea sets, food remains and personal items.It is extremely rare that we have a site with so few historic variables,"" said Bagley. ""We know that the privy would have only been in use for about 20 years, it would have only been used by girls, the girls would have been aged 6-15 years old, and we know all of their names, ethnicity and social backgrounds, If we find a privy, we will be able to reveal so much more information about the lives of these girls than their basic statistics. We will know about their Victorian domestic training from sewing items, tea services and food, and we will even be able to see just how rebellious they were if they disposed of contraband goods in the outhouse where nobody would have looked for them.The archaeological team has already made progress in locating the foundation of the former carriage house. Artifacts uncovered include doll parts, marbles, large communal serving dishes, chamber pots and many white glass buttons.Fieldwork will continue Monday-Friday from 9AM to 5PM rain or shine, except during thunderstorms, and visitors are welcome. Progress of the dig can be followed through live updates on the City Archaeology Program media pages including Facebook at facebook.com/bostonarchaeologyprogram and on twitter or Instagram at @bostonarchaeo.About the Epiphany SchoolThe Epiphany School is a tuition-free middle school founded in 1997 serving approximately 90 students in grades 5-8. The Early Learning Center planned for construction on the property of the two-acre Industrial School for Girls property includes an early education program from infants and toddlers, community space, an office for graduate support, housing for Teaching Fellows, a wooded play area and a greenhouse.About the City Archaeology ProgramEstablished in 1983, the City Archaeology Program strives to preserve, protect and promote Bostons archaeological heritage. With hundreds of known archaeological sites documented in Boston spanning nearly 10,000 years of human history, the City Archaeologist and a dedicated team of volunteers work to review development projects, excavate archaeological sites on public land and manage over 1,000,000 artifacts excavated from dozens of archaeological surveys stored in the City Archaeology Laboratory repository."
"BOSTON - Monday, July 13, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang to announce that over 6,500 Boston school children have enrolled in 78 summer learning programs in diverse, non-traditional settings around the city as part of the Boston Summer Learning Project, a coordinated public-private effort boosted by nearly $2 million in private funding.The Mayor also issued a challenge for additional innovative programs to join the Boston Summer Learning Community, setting a goal of enrolling 10,000 school children in 100 summer learning programs over the next two years.Mayor Walsh made the announcement surrounded by Boston students and nonprofit leaders at the Sportsmen's Tennis and Enrichment Center in Dorchester alongside leaders from the Boston Public Schools and Boston After School & Beyond.""When we create opportunities for our young people we set them on a pathway to a successful future, and build a stronger city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank our partners for their support, and urge more summer programs to get involved to support our future.""Unlike traditional summer school programs offered exclusively in school facilities, the Boston Summer Learning Project will immerse youth in new, exciting environments-such as natural preservations, the Harbor Islands, college campuses and workplaces-with an explicit focus on building skills in addition to academic content. Each program is full-day and offers a comprehensive list of enrichment activities to complement more formal academic instruction.These programs support specific groups of students, including English language learners, recent immigrants, off-track high school students, youth assigned to mandatory summer school and rising 9th graders. Several of these programs are part of national research examining the effects of summer learning in school-year performance and social-emotional development. ""Research suggests that this rigorous model of summer learning gets results,"" said BPS Superintendent Chang. ""The Summer Learning Project is showing us how to use time and place differently in order to boost the skills necessary for school and college success.""All 78 sites use the same set of measurement tools to assess program quality and student skill development from multiple perspectives. Trained observers and students themselves will evaluate programs on factors such as structure, support and engagement.""Summer is a prime time for learning and innovation,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond. ""Especially when different programs use the same measures to gauge success.""The Boston Summer Learning Project is part of a national study, funded by The Wallace Foundation, on how summer learning affects academic performance and social-emotional development. A recent study from RAND showed that Boston 4th graders attending a voluntary, summer learning program entered school in the fall with a statistically significant advantage in mathematics, compared to their peers who did not attend the program.Low-income and minority students traditionally have less access to educational summer programming, leaving them behind their more well-off peers once they return to school in the fall. Research has shown this effect is cumulative over years, disproportionately affects low-income youth, and is a major contributor to the achievement gap between low-income and their higher-income peers.The Boston Summer Learning Project was launched in 2010 by the Boston Public Schools and Boston After School & Beyond, in partnership with the Boston Opportunity Agenda."
BOSTON - Saturday, July 11, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today welcomed The Hermione, a replica of the ship that brought France's Marquis de Lafayette to Boston during the American Revolution, to Boston Harbor. Today's event was part of a weekend long celebration of Boston's historical past.The Hermoine is an 18th century frigate that carried the Marquis de Lafayette and news of French support for America during the American Revolution to Boston 1780- a key turning point in the war against the British. The Friends of Hermione-Lafayette in America, Inc. (FOHLA), a non-profit educational and cultural organization, is sponsoring its historic return to Boston, as part of her U.S. summer tour up the eastern seaboard. She is docked in Rowes Wharf and is open to the public for tours on Saturday from 12 p.m. - 4 p.m. and Sunday from 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. For more information visit: www.hermione2015.comArriving at Fan Pier in the Seaport yesterday, the Portuguese Navy's Tall Ship Sagresarrived as part of Sail Boston 2015. The Sagres is one of the world's most iconic Tall Ships, known by her white sails emblazoned with red crosses. Built in 1937, the 294-foot-long, 3-masted barque was originally a training vessel for the German Navy before she taken as a war reparation by the United States after World War II and given to Brazil in 1948. Acquired by Portugal in 1962, the Sagres serves as a naval training vessel. She has visited more than 60 countries and circumnavigated the globe three times, most recently in 2010 during a nearly yearlong voyage of approximately 35,000 miles.The Sagres will be open to the public for tours on Saturday, July 11 and Sunday, July 12 from 10:30 a.m. - 10:30 p.m. and Monday, July 13 from 10:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.Times are subject to change at the Captain's discretion.On Sunday, July 12, Cunard's Queen Mary 2 will dock at Black Falcon Cruise Terminal in the Seaport. In honor of Cunard's 175th Anniversary, there will be a public fireworks show in Boston Harbor on Sunday evening at 9:45 p.m., sponsored by Cunard.About Sail Boston, Inc.Since 1992, Sail Boston, Inc., a 501 (c)3 not-for-profit organization, has hosted more than 300 international tall ships and vessels of interest to Boston and many Massachusetts coastal communities. Sail Boston, Inc. endeavors to develop programs that provide economic development and cultural enrichment for citizens, businesses and visitors in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. For more information on Sail Boston, Inc. and Sail Boston 2017, please visit SailBoston.com
Today, the Boston Public Library announced thattheChroniqueAnonyme Universelle, or Genealogy of the Bible, a 35-foot scroll and manuscript dating from approximately 1470-1479 is now available online. The ornate manuscript depicts the history of the world from Creation to 1380, tracing the genealogy of individuals from the Bible to the royal houses of France and England, and weaving in biblical stories alongside Roman and Greek history. Users can view the scroll at the BPLsDigital Commonwealthportal, zooming into the piece to see the historic writing and colorful images of castles, medieval sword fights, and the Garden of Eden.This is a wonderful example of what is possible when our collections expertise, digital, technical and software expertise all come together to showcase a rare and beautiful item with great historical and narrative significance. And, partnerships with organizations like the Associates are key to bringing more of these items out into the digital light of the modern world, said David Leonard, Interim President of Boston Public Library.TheChronique AnonymeUniversellefeatures a Christian genealogy of the Bible, beginning with the creation of the world and continuing to the foundation of London in 1380. The scroll features biblical stories, ancient histories of Rome and Greece, and the royal houses of France and England. Viewers will also see a genealogical tree from Adam to Romulus and Remus. The manuscript features Gothic script with Parisian artwork, and miniature illustrations in medallions with decorative letters, floral designs, and borders in blue, green, red, brown, and gold. Lisa Fagin Davis, a leading Medieval scholar, researched and described the manuscript for the BPL.It is our great pleasure to share theChronique AnonymeUniversellein its entirety and to bring viewers back to a significant time period that explores so many elements of our collective history, said Tom Blake, Digital Projects Manager. Boston Public Library is proud of our ongoing commitment to digitize our collections and connect audiences with a breadth of items they may not see otherwise.The scroll, conserved by the Associates of the Boston Public Library and digitized by Boston College, is part of theBPLs Medieval and Early Renaissance Manuscripts Collection of Distinction, comprised of religious and devotional texts, as well as secular and scientific titles, many of which are illuminated. These unique and ancient manuscripts are some of the best sources for understanding the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, revealing many elements of the artistic, intellectual, and spiritual life of the period. The BPL has 27 Collections of Distinction representing the most outstanding, expansive, and renowned of the librarys more than 23 million items.Digital Commonwealthis Massachusetts digital library, providing a means of managing and preserving digital collections to ensure they will be accessible to future generations. The deep-zooming viewer and theDigital Commonwealthsite were developed at the BPL using open-source software and technical standards established by the research library community. The BPL's technical stewardship of Digital Commonwealth demonstrates the library's commitment to developing and providing library specific technological resources to libraries and museums around the state, bringing a wealth of unique historical collections to life with elegant features such as the zooming viewer and interactive maps. During the month of June the Boston Pictorial Archive, Winslow Homer Illustrations, Social and Political Cartoons, and Stereograph collections were added to Digital Commonwealth. Since 2005 BPL has digitized more than 150,000 photo archives, books, maps, manuscripts, prints, and other materials. Items available at Digital Commonwealth also become available through the Digital Public Library of America.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today broke ground on ""Connect Historic Boston,"" which will enhance walking, biking and public transit to historic sites and other destinations in downtown Boston. This project will reconstruct four areas of Boston to create safe, attractive and easy to navigate pedestrian and bicycle connections. The Mayor was joined byPeter M. Rogoff, Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy for the U.S. Department of Transportation, Pamela Stephenson, Administrator of theMassachusetts Division of theFederal Highway Administration andMary Beth Mello, Regional Administrator for the Federal Transit Authority.""I am excited to break ground on 'Connect Historic Boston,' which will serve as a vital link to the historic sites in downtown and Charlestown,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is a city full of history, and this new project will allow both visitors and residents to experience how Boston paved the way for America."" ""It's great to see construction on 'Connect Historic Boston' begin with the support of federal funding,"" said Senator Elizabeth Warren. ""These investments in Boston's infrastructure will help improve access to historic sites, make it easier for people to get around the city, and support the local economy.""""Connecting these National Park Service sites will connect residents and visitors to Boston's rich and storied history,"" said Senator Edward J. Markey. ""Four centuries of American history will now be linked by these 21st century improvements so all can see and appreciate how Boston helped shape our nation. I applaud the Mayor's office and all the local, state and federal partners who helped secure this funding and bringthe Connect Historic Boston project to life.""""The City of Boston is home to a wealth of landmark destinations that showcase the city's prominent role in our nation's history,"" saidCongressman Michael Capuano. ""The 'Connect Historic Boston' trail will make it easier to access some of that history, linking a number of National Park Service sites and other locations through enhanced pedestrian and bike paths.""""Every Boston neighborhood has sites that speak to the city's remarkable role in the birth of our nation,"" said Congressman Stephen F.Lynch. ""By improving pedestrian access to our city's landmarks, Mayor Walsh and 'Connect Historic Boston's' initiative will help residents and tourists take advantage of the historic landscape of Boston.""Today's groundbreaking took place in the Blackstone Block of Boston- the oldest street network in the country and a direct link to National Park Service at Faneuil Hall. Construction in the Blackstone Block will include:Constitution Road will also be improved to provide safe pedestrian and bicycle paths while promoting car-free visitation from neighboring communities and transit hubs to the Charlestown Navy Yard. In addition, pedestrian enhancements will be made at the intersection of Constitution Road and Chelsea Street to create a safer connection to MBTA bus routes and allow the continuation of the Freedom Trail to the Bunker Hill Monument.Joy Street in Beacon Hill will also be reconstructed as a pedestrian friendly street from Cambridge Street to the Abel Smith School, which is an African American National Historic Site.Other work includes construction on Staniford Street, starting at the intersection of Cambridge Street, and continuing onto Causeway and Commercial Streets. This work, known as the ""Connect Historic Boston Bike Trail,"" will provide a family-friendly bicycle loop around downtown. The project will be funded by the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority and a U.S. Department of Transportation Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant. ""Connect Historic Boston"" is expected to be completed by December 2017. The total construction cost is approximately $23.7 million. In 2014 the city's Public Works and Transportation Departments worked together to undertake an 8-month design and permitting process that included nearly 40 public meetings to inform and seek input for the final design. In April 2015 construction for the bike trail began on Staniford Street and this summer work crews will extend their efforts to include the reconstruction of Causeway Street.Learn More athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/connecthistoricboston/"
"BOSTON -Friday, July 10, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today broke ground on ""Connect Historic Boston,"" which will enhance walking, biking and public transit to historic sites and other destinations in downtown Boston. This project will reconstruct four areas of Boston to create safe, attractive and easy to navigate pedestrian and bicycle connections. The Mayor was joined byPeter M. Rogoff, Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy for the U.S. Department of Transportation, Pamela Stephenson, Administrator of theMassachusetts Division of theFederal Highway Administration andMary Beth Mello, Regional Administrator for the Federal Transit Authority.""I am excited to break ground on 'Connect Historic Boston,' which will serve as a vital link to the historic sites in downtown and Charlestown,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is a city full of history, and this new project will allow both visitors and residents to experience how Boston paved the way for America."" ""It's great to see construction on 'Connect Historic Boston' begin with the support of federal funding,"" said Senator Elizabeth Warren. ""These investments in Boston's infrastructure will help improve access to historic sites, make it easier for people to get around the city, and support the local economy.""""Connecting these National Park Service sites will connect residents and visitors to Boston's rich and storied history,"" said Senator Edward J. Markey. ""Four centuries of American history will now be linked by these 21st century improvements so all can see and appreciate how Boston helped shape our nation. I applaud the Mayor's office and all the local, state and federal partners who helped secure this funding and bringthe Connect Historic Boston project to life.""""The City of Boston is home to a wealth of landmark destinations that showcase the city's prominent role in our nation's history,"" saidCongressman Michael Capuano. ""The 'Connect Historic Boston' trail will make it easier to access some of that history, linking a number of National Park Service sites and other locations through enhanced pedestrian and bike paths.""""Every Boston neighborhood has sites that speak to the city's remarkable role in the birth of our nation,"" said Congressman Stephen F.Lynch. ""By improving pedestrian access to our city's landmarks, Mayor Walsh and 'Connect Historic Boston's' initiative will help residents and tourists take advantage of the historic landscape of Boston.""Today's groundbreaking took place in the Blackstone Block of Boston- the oldest street network in the country and a direct link to National Park Service at Faneuil Hall. Construction in the Blackstone Block will include:Constitution Road will also be improved to provide safe pedestrian and bicycle paths while promoting car-free visitation from neighboring communities and transit hubs to the Charlestown Navy Yard. In addition, pedestrian enhancements will be made at the intersection of Constitution Road and Chelsea Street to create a safer connection to MBTA bus routes and allow the continuation of the Freedom Trail to the Bunker Hill Monument.Joy Street in Beacon Hill will also be reconstructed as a pedestrian friendly street from Cambridge Street to the Abel Smith School, which is an African American National Historic Site.Other work includes construction on Staniford Street, starting at the intersection of Cambridge Street, and continuing onto Causeway and Commercial Streets. This work, known as the ""Connect Historic Boston Bike Trail,"" will provide a family-friendly bicycle loop around downtown. The project will be funded by the City of Boston, the Boston Redevelopment Authority and a U.S. Department of Transportation Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant. ""Connect Historic Boston"" is expected to be completed by December 2017. The total construction cost is approximately $23.7 million. In 2014 the city's Public Works and Transportation Departments worked together to undertake an 8-month design and permitting process that included nearly 40 public meetings to inform and seek input for the final design. In April 2015 construction for the bike trail began on Staniford Street and this summer work crews will extend their efforts to include the reconstruction of Causeway Street.Learn More athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/connecthistoricboston/"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the lineup for Caliente! 2015, a free concert that will take place on City Hall Plaza on Saturday, July 25, 2015.Headlining the event will be ""El Presidente Del Merengue"" Ral Acosta and his group Oro Slido. Oro Slido is one of the most well known Latin music groups in the world, responsible for such hits as ""Ta Cache,"" ""La Tanguita Roja,"" ""Maria se Fue,"" ""El Baile del Beeper,"" ""Una Nalgadita, ""La Morena"" and many more.Opening for Oro Slido will be Esther Rojas. Originally from Colombia, Rojas is studying at Berklee College of Music and performing across Boston.For more information about Acosta, Oro SlidoandRojasplease see the attached bios.2015 marks the eighth year for Caliente!, one of the biggest Latin American music and culturecelebrationsin New England.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston and Telemundo Boston as our media partners for Caliente! 2015.For further information please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer, or check out@VisitBostonon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red)."
"BOSTON - Thursday, July 9, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the lineup for Caliente! 2015, a free concert that will take place on City Hall Plaza on Saturday, July 25, 2015.Headlining the event will be ""El Presidente Del Merengue"" Ral Acosta and his group Oro Slido. Oro Slido is one of the most well known Latin music groups in the world, responsible for such hits as ""Ta Cache,"" ""La Tanguita Roja,"" ""Maria se Fue,"" ""El Baile del Beeper,"" ""Una Nalgadita, ""La Morena"" and many more.Opening for Oro Slido will be Esther Rojas. Originally from Colombia, Rojas is studying at Berklee College of Music and performing across Boston.For more information about Acosta, Oro SlidoandRojasplease see the attached bios.2015 marks the eighth year for Caliente!, one of the biggest Latin American music and culturecelebrationsin New England.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston and Telemundo Boston as our media partners for Caliente! 2015.For further information please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer, or check out@VisitBostonon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red)."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and his Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment today announced the beginning of open auditions for the Gospelfest Community Choir, to be held onTuesday, July 14, 2015 and Thursday, July 16, 2015 from5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.mat Boston City Hall.  Now in its 15th year, Gospelfest is Boston's premier Gospel Showcase, blending contemporary and traditional gospel melodies. Last year, Mayor Walsh opened the auditions to the public.Candidates should be at least 18 years of age, have had prior choir experience, and be prepared to perform 30 seconds of a gospel song of their choice.Gospelfest 2015 will be heldSunday, August 9, 2015, from4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m., featuring Erica Campbell.Erica Campbell is a three time Grammy nominee, and part of the duoMary Mary,well known for ""Shackles (Praise You)."" She has since produced a solo albumHELP,which held top ranks on the Billboard Gospel Chart for seven weeks.Enter Boston City Hall from the Congress Street entrance (across from Faneuil Hall). Auditions will be held on the 3rd Floor Lobby. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Park Street (Green and Red lines). For additional information call617-635-3911or visithttp://www.cityofboston.gov/tourism."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that as of the end of June, the City has reached $1.65 billion in housing starts for calendar year 2015. This pace is 138 percent higher than the $692 million in housing starts at the same time last year.As of June 26, 2015, there were 2,461 units permitted, compared to 1,759 units permitted as of June 30, 2014 - a 40 percent increase over last year. This also marks a 184 percent improvement over production rates in 2013, when only 1,333 units of housing were permitted by June 26 of that year.""I am extremely pleased by the efforts that have taken place across City agencies to ensure that we are able to meet our housing goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The only way that we will be able to sustain the growth of our city, and our workforce, is by staying focused on our goals and streamlining our processes.""""This level of investment in Boston's housing market is extraordinary,"" said Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon. ""As we work to make sure that Boston stays affordable, bringing new units on line at a variety of income levels is critical. Last quarter, nearly half of Boston's housing starts were at the middle income level, and nearly a quarter of this year's housing starts are affordable to lower-income households. Mayor Walsh has made housing a priority of his Administration, and these numbers are an indication that this focus is paying off.""The City's Inspectional Services Department (ISD) has supported this rapid development by streamlining their permitting processes, reducing bottlenecks and paving the way for the rapid housing development the City will require to meet its goals of producing 53,000 new units of housing by 2030.ISD has implemented several new departmental policies and permitting procedures, which have enabled the department to process permits at twice the speed. In 2014, ISD formed a partnership with the City of Boston's Department of Innovation Technology (DoIt) to significantly upgrade the permitting process. This collaborative effort has helped modernize and streamline the building and zoning application process.In addition, ISD has developed a Zoning Advisory Sub-Committee, which is responsible for expediting the appeals process involving one and two family owner-occupied dwellings and small businesses applying for limited zoning relief. Other departmental upgrades have included extending the hearing hours of the Zoning Board of Appeals and the installation of digital kiosks for processing Board of Appeal applications, all of which contributed to building permits being issued on time and at a much faster rate than ever before.""I am extremely proud of the great work my department has been able to accomplish,"" said ISD Commissioner William Christopher. ""This task could not have been accomplished without the leadership of Mayor Walsh and the technology expertise of DoIt. Together we have not only streamlined the permitting process, but also help pave the way for the production of rental units throughout the city.""Of the units currently permitted, 451 - 18 percent of all new units -- are deed-restricted affordable housing, up 25 percent from 2014 (360 units) and 80 percent above the 2013 pace (251 units). South Boston and the Seaport District saw the highest number of units produced: 915 total and 124 affordable followed by East Boston, with 374 units, 13 of which are affordable and Dorchester, with 337 total units and 51 affordable units permitted.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released his Administration'sfirst progress report on achieving the housing production goalslaid out in his ambitious housing plan, ""Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030.""The plan, released in October 2014, called for increased transparency into housing policy, including quarterly releases of data and an end of year Annual Report."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, July 7, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Secretary Julin Castro, the Dorchester Bay Economic Development Corporation (DBEDC) and the Dorchester community to cut the ribbon on theQuincyHeights housing development. Through the HUD Choice Neighborhoods Initiative Grant, the City, working alongside community partners, re-developed and transformedQuincyHeights, formerly known as the Woodledge/Morrant Bay housing development, into affordable 129 units. Overall, through $20.5 million in total provided by HUD, the Choice Neighborhood Initiative has leveraged another $83.2 million in private and public funds for commercial and residential development and public facilities to revitalize Dorchester'sQuincyCorridor.""I am proud that together we have created a brighter future forQuincyCorridorresidents, which will include more quality housing, improved educational facilities, new businesses, new jobs and successful community revitalization,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These redevelopments are proof that great outcomes are possible when stakeholders come together to work towards shared goals for the common good. We are grateful for President Obama's leadership, and for our strong partnership with Secretary Castro and his team at HUD. In addition, our Congressional delegation worked extraordinarily hard to bring us to this day, and, of course, our community partners have been absolutely critical in implementing this grant.""""HUD's mission of expanding opportunity extends beyond the four walls of a home,"" said Secretary Castro. ""American families need access to safer streets, better school and higher-paying jobs. HUD is committed to working with our local partners to revitalize neighborhoods and to invest in the future of our communities - in Boston and throughout the nation.""In 2011, Boston was one of just five cities nationwide to receive a first-ever HUD Choice Neighborhood Initiative Implementation grant. The $122 million in total grants, also awarded to Chicago, New Orleans, San Francisco and Seattle, are being used to transform high-poverty, distressed neighborhoods into communities with affordable housing, safe streets and access to quality educational opportunities. Boston is the first of these five cities to complete the housing portion of the work.The City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) was the applicant on behalf of the City for the $20.5 million grant from HUD. The grant included:These improvements include:TheQuincyCorridorneighborhood is a one-half square mile area centered onQuincyStreet and bounded by Blue Hill Avenue on the west, East and West Cottage Streets on the north, the Fairmount Commuter Rail Line and Columbia Road on the east and Washington Street on the south. The neighborhood is home to approximately 10,000 residents.The Boston Housing Authority and DND have also collectively submitted a second Choice Neighborhoods application for $30 million to redevelop the Whittier public housing development and to revitalize the surrounding neighborhood. The application is currently under review at HUD.HUD created the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative to transform neighborhoods and link housing improvements with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and access to jobs. To meet these goals, the City of Boston tied its application to the City's Circle of Promise Initiative, a community integration plan to transform public education in Boston."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, July 7, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that as of the end of June, the City has reached $1.65 billion in housing starts for calendar year 2015. This pace is 138 percent higher than the $692 million in housing starts at the same time last year.As of June 26, 2015, there were 2,461 units permitted, compared to 1,759 units permitted as of June 30, 2014 - a 40 percent increase over last year. This also marks a 184 percent improvement over production rates in 2013, when only 1,333 units of housing were permitted by June 26 of that year.""I am extremely pleased by the efforts that have taken place across City agencies to ensure that we are able to meet our housing goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The only way that we will be able to sustain the growth of our city, and our workforce, is by staying focused on our goals and streamlining our processes.""""This level of investment in Boston's housing market is extraordinary,"" said Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon. ""As we work to make sure that Boston stays affordable, bringing new units on line at a variety of income levels is critical. Last quarter, nearly half of Boston's housing starts were at the middle income level, and nearly a quarter of this year's housing starts are affordable to lower-income households. Mayor Walsh has made housing a priority of his Administration, and these numbers are an indication that this focus is paying off.""The City's Inspectional Services Department (ISD) has supported this rapid development by streamlining their permitting processes, reducing bottlenecks and paving the way for the rapid housing development the City will require to meet its goals of producing 53,000 new units of housing by 2030.ISD has implemented several new departmental policies and permitting procedures, which have enabled the department to process permits at twice the speed. In 2014, ISD formed a partnership with the City of Boston's Department of Innovation Technology (DoIt) to significantly upgrade the permitting process. This collaborative effort has helped modernize and streamline the building and zoning application process.In addition, ISD has developed a Zoning Advisory Sub-Committee, which is responsible for expediting the appeals process involving one and two family owner-occupied dwellings and small businesses applying for limited zoning relief. Other departmental upgrades have included extending the hearing hours of the Zoning Board of Appeals and the installation of digital kiosks for processing Board of Appeal applications, all of which contributed to building permits being issued on time and at a much faster rate than ever before.""I am extremely proud of the great work my department has been able to accomplish,"" said ISD Commissioner William Christopher. ""This task could not have been accomplished without the leadership of Mayor Walsh and the technology expertise of DoIt. Together we have not only streamlined the permitting process, but also help pave the way for the production of rental units throughout the city.""Of the units currently permitted, 451 - 18 percent of all new units -- are deed-restricted affordable housing, up 25 percent from 2014 (360 units) and 80 percent above the 2013 pace (251 units). South Boston and the Seaport District saw the highest number of units produced: 915 total and 124 affordable followed by East Boston, with 374 units, 13 of which are affordable and Dorchester, with 337 total units and 51 affordable units permitted.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released his Administration'sfirst progress report on achieving the housing production goalslaid out in his ambitious housing plan, ""Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030.""The plan, released in October 2014, called for increased transparency into housing policy, including quarterly releases of data and an end of year Annual Report."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the 2015FridayAfternoon Concert Series lineup. FromJuly 10 - August 21, 2015, each Friday a different local band will perform live from12pm-2pmin Sam Adams Park (Faneuil Hall). The event is free and everyone is encouraged to attend.""Boston is a city filled with burgeoning talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Friday Afternoon Concert Series is an excellent opportunity to showcase the musicians living, studying and performing in Boston.""The series prides itself on showcasing local talent. This year's lineup is as follows:July 10: The Ivy AgeJuly 17: Grey SeasonJuly 24: TBAJuly 31: The Yousif Yaseen ProjectAugust 7: Erica Russo and the Good SportAugust 14: The Heavy DenimsAugust 21: Riverside Theater WorksThe Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston as our media partner for Summer 2015. For further information please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summeror check out @VisitBoston on Twitter. Sam Adams Park/Faneuil Hall is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green) and State Street (Orange and Blue)."
This month the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA) will formally begin comprehensive planning studies of two transit-oriented corridors, one spanning Washington Street and Columbus Avenue in Jamaica Plain and Roxbury and the other along Dorchester Avenue in South Boston. In a December speech to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, Mayor Martin J. Walsh highlighted the need to create a holistic plan for these areas, both of which are experiencing market pressures to transform former industrial or underutilized sites into vibrant mixed-use developments that can better meet neighborhood needs.The BRA will work with community members and elected officials, as well as planning, design, and economic development professionals over the course of the next year to create detailed plans that include recommendations for updating zoning in each area so that it is consistent with current redevelopment goals. Given their proximity to major public transit nodes, the Washington Street and Dorchester Avenue corridors are seen as prime locations to support new middle-income housing, which is a priority for Mayor Walshs administration. Its clear that developers have taken a serious interest in both of these areas, and we should use that as an opportunity to put together a comprehensive vision to guide development in the future, said Mayor Walsh. We have an undeniable need for more affordable housing in the City of Boston. We know these areas have the potential to accommodate new housing, but we want to work with residents to see what else we can do to strengthen their neighborhoods.Transit-oriented developments are growing in popularity because they provide conveniences that arent possible when one has to rely on a car to get around, BRA Director Brian Golden observed. Well use the Orange Line in JP and Roxbury and the Red Line in South Boston to our advantage as we study the untapped potential of these areas. Great things already exist in both places. The question now is, how can we all work together to preserve, enhance, and grow those unique assets?TheJamaica Plain and Roxbury corridor studywill focus on a stretch that spans Washington Street and Columbus Avenue, running between the MBTAs Forest Hills and Jackson Square stations on the Orange Line. Amory Street will form the western boundary of the study area. The planning effort will look strategically at the uses, public realm improvements, and scale of development that are best suited to the corridor. It will determine the compatibility of different uses, including housing, commercial, light industrial, and open space, while also surveying the impacts of traffic on walkability and other mobility considerations. The recent wave of mixed-use residential projects along Washington Street will be of particular focus, as the BRA works with community members and other stakeholders to determine the overall impacts of redevelopment opportunities in the area. Projects along the corridor that are currently under review by the BRA include3200 Washington Street,3371 Washington Street, andBartlett Square II. Working with the community, the BRA will produce recommendations for updated zoning, public realm enhancements, traffic mitigation, and economic development opportunities.In South Boston, theDorchester Avenue corridorfrom Andrew Square to Broadway Station is undergoing a shift away from traditional manufacturing and industrial uses, as demand for residential and mixed-use development increases. For example, the BRA is reviewing a proposal for235 Old Colony Avenuethat would create several hundred apartments and retail stores on former industrial sites. Situated between two major Red Line stations and bus hubs, the corridor is ripe for transit-oriented development. Similar to the Washington Street corridor, the goal of the South Boston study will be to create new zoning that aligns the aspirations of the community with predictable development conditions.Dorchester Avenues underutilized light industrial buildings will be the primary focus. The BRA will look to residents for ideas on how such properties could be transformed to contribute more positively to the corridor in the future. The study will suggest strategies for improving access to retail and developing affordable housing to meet the needs of local families, in addition to public realm improvements, traffic mitigation, and other economic development opportunities.The Dorchester Avenue study area encompasses a portion of South Bostons largest residential zoning district. The so-called H-1-50 zone, which touches Andrew Square, will be analyzed in hopes of updating antiquated zoning to allow for reasonable increases in density that would accommodate population growth. Based on resounding feedback from neighborhood residents and South Bostons elected officials, Mayor Walsh has asked the BRA to work with the community so that any new zoning recommendations maintain the character of this residential district and place a renewed emphasis on architectural continuity.The BRA is soliciting nominations for two advisory groups to help guide the public process and provide a wide range of stakeholder input for each study area. Elected officials, community organizations, and residents are encouraged to nominate individuals.Community meetings are expected to begin in late July in both study areas. The BRA is taking a more creative approach to public engagement than it has in the past. In addition to traditional town-hall style meetings, there will also be walk-shops, where participants will be invited to tour the study areas with BRA planners, and other interactive planning exercises.In May, Mayor Walsh kicked offImagine Boston 2030, an effort to create Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years. While that process will define a broad vision for the city leading up to its 400th birthday, the Washington Street and Dorchester Avenue studies are the first two instances of more targeted planning efforts to update the zoning code for areas experiencing significant development pressures. The BRA has worked with the Mayors Office to identify up to a dozen other targeted planning areas around the city, the study of which would complement the citywide plan.
As people entered the doors of English High School in Jamaica Plain, they were asked to fill out a name tag that asked What do you create?From opportunities to music, theater to collaboration, the ideas of the name badges truly reflected the diversity of the audience. Individuals of all ages and backgrounds, represented every community and neighborhood in the city.The evening began with a presentation from Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston, responsible for overseeing the cultural planning process. Julie outlined the goals of the cultural planning process and the core principles as identified by Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Following Julie, David Plettner-Saunders of the Cultural Planning Group discussed the timeline and actions of the process.After the presentations, the group broke up into small groups for facilitated discussions designed to learn more about individual thoughts and opinions about arts and culture in the city. Issues surrounding funding consistently rose to the top, as well as accessibility to performance space and artist housing. Arts in schools was also an important issues, with individuals emphasizing that art should not be considered a bonus activity in the classroom.The group came back together at the end of the evening to discuss what they had heard. One thing was very clear  there is great excitement for the process and a strong desire to be involved. With that in mind, we are looking forward to the community engagement phase.Read more about the Town Hall in this story from theMission Hill Gazetteor in this blog post onBig Red & Shiny.
Boston Public Library locations host a variety of author talks for people of all ages this month. Highlights include Revolutionary War-themed talks, childrens story times, Emmy-award winning Cokie Roberts, and more:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Scollay Square Gallery, located on the 3rd floor of City Hall, will feature work from the United South End Artists (USEA). The exhibition will feature art of varied mediums, themes and styles by 20 USEA artists.About USEA:In 1986, a group of artists at the Boston Center for the Arts invited friends and neighbors into their studios to view their art. As other artists in the area became interested in the event, the United South End Artists was formed, and the South End Open Studios weekend came into being. Today the event covers a dozen studio buildings and more than 250 artists, encompassing all of Boston's South End, attracting thousands of visitors from surrounding towns as well as the greater Boston area. The South End Open Studios event allows visitors to see where and how art is made, and to meet the artists. The USEA also sponsors several other art events during the year.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are fully accessible. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red). For more information, call 617-635-3245 or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of Trash Day, a new web and mobile app that allows residents to easily access their trash and recycle collection schedules and sign up for reminders via text, email or phone.""We are always looking for ways to be responsive to residents' needs in new and innovative ways,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This tool is a simple way for us to share information that affects nearly all of Boston residents on a daily basis.""Residents can decide when they want to get their Trash Day reminders, which will also include helpful details such as what's being picked up that week and information on special collections (e.g., leaf and yard waste). Trash Day also makes it easy to find out how to dispose of various items, including recyclable or hazardous waste.""The easier it is to look up what you can and can't recycle, the more likely you are to put items in the right bin and divert waste away from a landfill,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""Every little bit helps.""This project was undertaken after an analysis of calls to the Mayor's Hotline showed a high volume of inquires related to trash collection, especially during holiday weeks. Now, Trash Day will automatically notify residents if their pickup schedule is adjusted due to a holiday.Trash Day reminders and collection schedules are available through the City's website and through the free iOS or Android mobile app.The launch of Trash Day is supported by the City's Department of Innovation and Technology's Digital Team, and is one of many efforts to deliver a more welcoming and useful digital experience to members of the Boston community.For other issues citywide, residents are encouraged to call the Mayor's 24 Hotline at 617-635-4500 or use the Citizen's Connect smartphone app."
"BOSTON - Wednesday, July 1, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of Trash Day, a new web and mobile app that allows residents to easily access their trash and recycle collection schedules and sign up for reminders via text, email or phone.""We are always looking for ways to be responsive to residents' needs in new and innovative ways,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This tool is a simple way for us to share information that affects nearly all of Boston residents on a daily basis.""Residents can decide when they want to get their Trash Day reminders, which will also include helpful details such as what's being picked up that week and information on special collections (e.g., leaf and yard waste). Trash Day also makes it easy to find out how to dispose of various items, including recyclable or hazardous waste.""The easier it is to look up what you can and can't recycle, the more likely you are to put items in the right bin and divert waste away from a landfill,"" said Interim Commissioner of Public Works Michael Dennehy. ""Every little bit helps.""This project was undertaken after an analysis of calls to the Mayor's Hotline showed a high volume of inquires related to trash collection, especially during holiday weeks. Now, Trash Day will automatically notify residents if their pickup schedule is adjusted due to a holiday.Trash Day reminders and collection schedules are available through the City's website and through the free iOS or Android mobile app.The launch of Trash Day is supported by the City's Department of Innovation and Technology's Digital Team, and is one of many efforts to deliver a more welcoming and useful digital experience to members of the Boston community.For other issues citywide, residents are encouraged to call the Mayor's 24 Hotline at 617-635-4500 or use the Citizen's Connect smartphone app."
"Each year, Harborfest brings thousands of residents and visitors to downtown Boston to celebrate the birth of our nation, right where it happened, said Mayor Walsh. ""I would like to thank all of our partners for another great year of fantastic events.""Boston Harborfest is a five-day festival with over 200 activities celebrating American Independence and honoring the city's colonial roots. City officials will be joined by Captain Claudia Gelzer, Sector Commander, United States Coast Guard Sector Boston Commander Sean Kearns, Captain, USS Constitution Pat Moscaritolo, President and Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Convention & Visitors BureauRichard Doucette, Executive Director of the Massachusetts Office of Travel & Tourismand Carol Troxell, President of Faneuil Hall Marketplace Merchants Association during the celebration to kick-off the festival.Residents, visitors and businesses are invited to participate in the patriotic opening ceremony, which will feature the United States Navy Band Northeast's ""Rhode Island Sound"" vocalist Musician Second Class Laura Carey, who will lead the crowd in singing the National Anthem, and the ceremonial cutting of the Harborfest cake. Captain Gelzer and Commander Kearns and special guests will use a cutglass(sword)to cut the cake, provided by Faneuil Hall Marketplace and created by Montillio's Baking Company. National Park Service Park Rangers and Freedom Trail Players, dressed in 18th-century costume, will be on hand to offer historical information about Faneuil Hall and other sites along the Freedom Trail.Held fromJuly 1 - 5, Harborfest celebrates the colonial and maritime heritage of America's independence in Boston. Over the years, Harborfest has grown from a local event to a national celebration. In 1982 there were 35 activities over the course of three days. Now in its 34th year,Harborfest is considered to be the largest patriotic celebration in the nation.For more Harborfest information and a list of activities, please visitthe Boston Harborfest website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $96,000 in grants to 12 community-based organizations through the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) Mini-Grants Program to support their immigrant integration and empowerment efforts in the City of Boston.Funded projects include expanding access to legal services, leadership development for women and youth, workforce development, citizenship classes, and community education and outreach.""It is fitting to end our celebration of June as Immigrant Heritage Month by supporting the year-round work of these immigrant-serving organizations,"" said Mayor Walsh.""The funded organizations reflect a greater body of community partners committed to the empowerment and inclusion of immigrants in all aspects of life in our City,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of MONB. ""We hope that these grants can provide the extra support needed to expand and sustain their essential efforts.""The 12 organizations serve a diverse range of cultural and linguistic communities throughout all of Boston's neighborhoods. Preference was given to immigrant-led organizations with small operating budgets. Each organization will receive $4,000 in July 2015, an additional $4,000 in July 2016 upon submitting a year-end report. This pilot program is made possible by proceeds from the annual We Are Boston Gala.The following organizations were funded through the MONB Mini-Grants Program:"
"BOSTON -Tuesday, June 30, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $96,000 in grants to 12 community-based organizations through the Mayor's Office of New Bostonians (MONB) Mini-Grants Program to support their immigrant integration and empowerment efforts in the City of Boston.Funded projects include expanding access to legal services, leadership development for women and youth, workforce development, citizenship classes, and community education and outreach.""It is fitting to end our celebration of June as Immigrant Heritage Month by supporting the year-round work of these immigrant-serving organizations,"" said Mayor Walsh.""The funded organizations reflect a greater body of community partners committed to the empowerment and inclusion of immigrants in all aspects of life in our City,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of MONB. ""We hope that these grants can provide the extra support needed to expand and sustain their essential efforts.""The 12 organizations serve a diverse range of cultural and linguistic communities throughout all of Boston's neighborhoods. Preference was given to immigrant-led organizations with small operating budgets. Each organization will receive $4,000 in July 2015, an additional $4,000 in July 2016 upon submitting a year-end report. This pilot program is made possible by proceeds from the annual We Are Boston Gala.The following organizations were funded through the MONB Mini-Grants Program:"
"Each year we select a speaker who embodies America's spirit of freedom and who celebrates equality and justice for all people, said Mayor Walsh. ""Given her extraordinary career and the leadership she has shown for our Commonwealth, we are happy to welcome Lisa as this year's orator.""Hughes will join a distinguished and diverse list of orators for the ceremony, which dates back to 1773. Past orators include: John Quincy Adams, John F. Kennedy, Horace Mann, Keith Lockhart and Julia Child. For a complete list of orators,please see attached document.""I am beyond thrilled and honored to have been selected as this year's speaker,"" said Hughes. ""I am proud to be among those who have orated this historic occasion and celebration before me.""Hughes joined WBZ in June 2000. In 2014, Hughes received both a Columbia DuPont Award as well as a 2013 George Foster Peabody Award as part of WBZ-TV's team coverage of the Boston Marathon Bombings. In 2008 Lisa received an Emmy Award for On-Camera Talent Reporter. In 2007, Lisa won a regional Edward R. Murrow Award for her at-home interviews with the candidates running for governor. Lisa was an Emmy Award nominee in 2000 for News Anchoring and received an Emmy Award for Hard News Story in 1996.In addition to the oration, the City of Boston's Independence Day Celebration schedule is as follows:All times shown are approximate and are subject to change.9:00AM- Official celebration begins at City Hall Plaza with a flag raising ceremony led by Mayor Walsh.9:20AM- The marching units and dignitaries assemble and process from City Hall Plaza to Tremont Street.9:30AM- The procession halts at the Old Granary Burial Ground where Sam Adams, John Hancock, Peter Faneuil and Robert Treat Paine are honored, and then continues to Bromfield Street to Washington Street to the Old State House.9:40AM- The Declaration of Independence is read by Captain Commanding Domenic Previte of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company at the Old State House balcony,fromwhich the Declaration of Independence was first read to Bostonians in 1776, by a member of the Ancients.10:00AM- Procession reforms from Congress Street to North Street and ends at Faneuil Hall.10:15AM- Patriotic Exercises being at Faneuil Hall, including remarks from Mayor Walsh, oration by WBZ-TV's Lisa Hughes and Patriotic Musical Selections.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free, public, family-friendly events for the people of Boston and visitors to enjoy.For more information, please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer, or check out @VisitBoston on Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red)."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston photographer Erik Gehring's exhibition ""Heritage Trees and Scenic Vistas of the Emerald Necklace,"" will be on display fromJuly 1 - August 7, 2015 at the Mayor's Neighborhood Gallery on the 2nd floor of City Hall.In the spring of 2014, Gehring was asked by the Emerald Necklace Conservancy's Olmsted Tree Society to photograph the Necklace's Heritage Trees, some of the largest and oldest tree specimens in the parks (not including those in the Arboretum). These trees were identified as part of the comprehensive Emerald Necklace Tree Inventory, Assessment and Management Plan spearheaded by the Olmsted Tree Society in 2013.""I was very pleased to have gotten this opportunity, as I have focused my creative energies at the Arnold Arboretum for so many years and I was looking for an excuse to broaden my horizons,"" said Gehring. ""It was wonderful being able to explore and photograph the rest of the Emerald Necklace.""Gehring is an award-winning photographer, the current president of the Boston Camera Club and a devoted environmental advocate. He grew up in Wellesley and now lives in the Roslindale with his wife Julie and sons Carl and William. He has shown his work extensively throughout eastern Massachusetts and New Hampshire, and he has given lectures and taught classes in digital photography at the Griffin Museum of Photography in Winchester, the Arnold Arboretum, the Eliot School in Jamaica Plain, the Hyde Park Art Association in Hyde Park and the Concord Art Association in Concord.View Gehring's portfolio online atwww.erikgehring.com/WebReady/Pages/EmNeckHome.html.For more information, please visit the Emerald Necklace Conservancy athttp://www.emeraldnecklace.org.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are handicapped accessible.City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red).For more information, call617-635-3245or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts."
I am saddened by the loss of Senator Thomas Kennedy: atrue public servant to the people of Massachusetts for over four decades. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and all those that loved him. He will be missed.
The Central Library in Copley Square located at 700 Boylston Street will be closed Sunday, July 12, 2015  Tuesday, July 14, 2015 for electrical work related to the Central Library Renovation. During this time the Boston Public Library (BPL) is requesting that patrons visit one of the BPLs24 branch locationsfor library services, or access electronic resources such ase-books,streaming media, anddigital magazines. The Central Library will reopen on Wednesday, July 15, 2015 at 9:00 a.m.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
All activities are designed to bring girls together in a safe, non-competitive environment where they can be themselves, meet other girls their age and engage with role models.Girls Nights also connect girls with necessary resources and opportunities while they enjoy a positive and fun experience with their peers. Last summer over 850 girls participated in BCYFs Girls Nights.Girls Nights create opportunities for young Boston girls, said Mayor Walsh. Through this summer programming, were striving to build up our local community and provide our youth with unforgettable experiences.The Girls Nights schedule is as follows:Beach Party Kick Off, Wednesday, July 15BCYF Curley Community Center, 1663 Columbia Road, South Boston5-8 p.m., girls of all ages are welcome.Bowling Night, Tuesday, July 21Boston Bowl, 820 Morrissey Boulevard, Dorchester5-7 p.m., girls ages 6-18Skate Night and Sleep Over, Friday, July 24BCYF Gallivan Community Center, 61 Woodruff Way, Mattapan7 p.m., girls ages 6-18Beauty Night (featuring skin care tips, facials and more,) Wednesday, July 29BCYF Perkins Community Center, 155 Talbot Avenue, Dorchester6-8 p.m., girls ages 13-16Roller-skating Night, Wednesday, August 12Chez Vous, 11 Rhoades Street, Dorchester4-7 p.m., girls ages 10-17Pool Night and Barbeque, Tuesday, August 18BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center, 20 South Street, Jamaica Plain5-7 p.m., girls ages 11-15Dance Night, Wednesday, August 26BCYF Vine Street Community Center, 339 Dudley Street, Roxbury5-8 p.m., girls ages 6-18Ice Cream Social, Thursday, August 27J.P. Licks, 1618 Tremont Street, Mission Hill4-6 p.m., girls ages 6-18.For more information on Girls Nights or to sign up, please e-mail Erika.Butler@Boston.Gov or call her at 617-635-4920 x2314. Updates and changes to the schedule will be posted online: Twitter, @BCYFCenters and on our Facebook page.BCYF serves thousands of young people throughout the summer through day camps and full day programs, teen-only and girls-only programs, sports and fitness programs, the BCYF Streetworker Program and family-friendly neighborhood block parties.
"The City of Boston is reminding residents that starting the week ofJuly 1, tickets issued for parking in violation of the street cleaning regulation in Charlestown will increase from $40 to $90. Through this new street cleaning pilot program, towing for street cleaning will be discontinued in Charlestown only. The pilot program is being implemented to determine if a change in the city's parking enforcement strategy will lead to increased compliance of the street cleaning regulations by motor vehicle owners and ease motorist concerns about the inconvenience of towing to distant tow lots.In partnership with local residents and businesses citywide, the City of Boston is committed to ensuring that local streets are thoroughly cleaned each week. Twenty additional ""hokeys"" are being hired this summer increasing the citywide total to 40. Boston's Public Works Department employs hokeys to assist with street cleaning efforts and to reinforce the work accomplished by the larger street sweeping equipment. Unfortunately, the efficiency of all streetcleaning techniques is impeded when vehicles block access to the curb. As a result, although voluntary compliance is preferred, parking enforcement strategies must be available to employ as necessary in order to get the job done.Currently, due to the high volume of vehicles that are regularly parked in violation of Boston's street cleaning regulations, only one in four vehicles that are eligible to be towed are towed. Since ticketing a vehicle is quicker and less labor intensive than towing, however, these illegally parked vehicles are receiving parking tickets for violating the street cleaning regulations, it is expected that increasing the fine from $40 to $90 will deter a larger number of drivers from parking in violation of the street cleaning regulations than the threat of towing has done, simply because the likelihood of a vehicle being ticketed is much higher than the threat of it being towed. The fine increase will also allow the City to raise additional revenue. Currently, when a vehicle is towed, only the money from the ticket goes to the City. All other fees from towing, which often reach over $100, go directly to the tow company.Charlestown drivers are urged to carefully read the posted street cleaning regulations when parking their vehicles. The pilot program will run fromJuly 1 - November 30, 2015. Residents of Charlestown are strongly encouraged to call the Mayor's 24 Hotline at617-635-4500or use the Citizen's Connect smartphone app to report any streets that remain dirty after street cleaning. This citizen engagement will allow the City to assess the effectiveness of the program. Residents can also log ontowww.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/sweeping/to learn more about Charlestown's street cleaning schedule and to sign up for ""No Tow"" alerts to inform you when the street cleaning regulations are in effect on your neighborhood streets."
"BOSTON -Monday, June 29, 2015- The City of Boston is reminding residents that starting the week ofJuly 1, tickets issued for parking in violation of the street cleaning regulation in Charlestown will increase from $40 to $90. Through this new street cleaning pilot program, towing for street cleaning will be discontinued in Charlestown only. The pilot program is being implemented to determine if a change in the city's parking enforcement strategy will lead to increased compliance of the street cleaning regulations by motor vehicle owners and ease motorist concerns about the inconvenience of towing to distant tow lots.In partnership with local residents and businesses citywide, the City of Boston is committed to ensuring that local streets are thoroughly cleaned each week. Twenty additional ""hokeys"" are being hired this summer increasing the citywide total to 40. Boston's Public Works Department employs hokeys to assist with street cleaning efforts and to reinforce the work accomplished by the larger street sweeping equipment. Unfortunately, the efficiency of all streetcleaning techniques is impeded when vehicles block access to the curb. As a result, although voluntary compliance is preferred, parking enforcement strategies must be available to employ as necessary in order to get the job done.Currently, due to the high volume of vehicles that are regularly parked in violation of Boston's street cleaning regulations, only one in four vehicles that are eligible to be towed are towed. Since ticketing a vehicle is quicker and less labor intensive than towing, however, these illegally parked vehicles are receiving parking tickets for violating the street cleaning regulations, it is expected that increasing the fine from $40 to $90 will deter a larger number of drivers from parking in violation of the street cleaning regulations than the threat of towing has done, simply because the likelihood of a vehicle being ticketed is much higher than the threat of it being towed. The fine increase will also allow the City to raise additional revenue. Currently, when a vehicle is towed, only the money from the ticket goes to the City. All other fees from towing, which often reach over $100, go directly to the tow company.Charlestown drivers are urged to carefully read the posted street cleaning regulations when parking their vehicles. The pilot program will run fromJuly 1 - November 30, 2015. Residents of Charlestown are strongly encouraged to call the Mayor's 24 Hotline at617-635-4500or use the Citizen's Connect smartphone app to report any streets that remain dirty after street cleaning. This citizen engagement will allow the City to assess the effectiveness of the program. Visit our street cleaning website to learn more about Charlestown's schedule. You can also sign up for ""No Tow"" alerts to inform you when the street cleaning regulations are in effect on your neighborhood streets."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today made the following statement on the Supreme Court's decision to uphold marriage equality:""I am deeply moved by the news that the U.S. Supreme Court has made marriage equality the law of the land. This decision marks a milestone on our nations journey to become a more perfect union. I honor Jim Obergefell and all the plaintiffs and advocates who fought not only for their own rights but for the rights of all Americans to marry the person they love and enjoy equal protection under the law. I think especially of the courageous Bostonians who shared their stories with me in the early days of our struggle for Massachusetts pioneering marriage law. Weve watched together with pride as our example spread across the nation and around the world. It brings Boston great joy to know that every American and every American community will experience this equality. It is a victory for democracy, for family, for community and for love."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today made the following statement on the Supreme Court's decision to uphold marriage equality:""I am deeply moved by the news that the U.S. Supreme Court has made marriage equality the law of the land. This decision marks a milestone on our nations journey to become a more perfect union. I honor Jim Obergefell and all the plaintiffs and advocates who fought not only for their own rights but for the rights of all Americans to marry the person they love and enjoy equal protection under the law. I think especially of the courageous Bostonians who shared their stories with me in the early days of our struggle for Massachusetts pioneering marriage law. Weve watched together with pride as our example spread across the nation and around the world. It brings Boston great joy to know that every American and every American community will experience this equality. It is a victory for democracy, for family, for community and for love."""
"BOSTON -Wednesday, June 24, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he will sign the budget approved today by the Boston City Council. The Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 budget provides the resources necessary to promote the Walsh Administration's vision of a thriving, healthy and innovative Boston. The budget prioritizes investments in education, youth summer jobs, affordable housing, park improvements, basic city services, increasing diversity within city agencies and combating substance abuse.""This spending plan reflects our goals for the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""While there is still more work to do, the FY16 budget will allow our City to continue to grow and thrive in the 21st century. I would like to thank the entire City Council for their thoughtfulness and thoroughness during the budget process.""""The Citizens of Boston can be assured that the appropriate due diligence, effort and priorities were part of this budget process,"" said City Council President Bill Linehan. ""Boston is on sound fiscal footing and continues to grow. This was truly a collaborative effort between Mayor Walsh, myself and my fellow Councilors. I appreciate the hard work and dynamic effort from the Council and Administration that led to the passage of this balanced budget.""""I appreciate my City Council colleagues for their extensive participation and advocacy in the review process, and I commend Mayor Walsh on his responsible and sustainable budget that maintains the fiscal health of our city,""said City Council Ways and Means Committee Chairman MarkCiommo.The $2.86 billion budget provides funding to support reinstating the police cadet program as part of a multi-faceted effort to boost diversity, both in the Boston Police Department and throughout the City's workforce. Many of the City's successful law enforcement officials have come through this program, including Commissioner William Evans and Chief William Gross. They will work closely with Chief Diversity Officer Shaun Blugh to ensure the cadet program is run fairly and effectively.The FY16 budget also includes funding for a dedicated position focused on diversity within the Boston Fire Department, which will assist in recruiting a diverse pool of firefighter candidates.Summer jobs funding has also increased by 22 percent over FY15 and will allow the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment to provide employment opportunities for Boston youth in a vast array of jobs at non-profit organizations throughout the city. Many of these young people become instrumental in assisting non-profit organizations with outreach efforts, childcare, educational awareness, and more. Mayor Walsh has made summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's young people. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, last summer Boston placed more than 10,000 young people in meaningful jobs. Mayor Walsh recently announced the City will be supporting an additional 200 city-funded jobs beyond the original proposal.Additional budget highlights include:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today officially opened the City's new homeless shelter at 112 Southampton Street and announced the release ofAn Action Plan to End Chronic and Veteran Homelessness, the result of the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness.The opening of the shelter marks the completion of Phase II of the project at 112 Southampton Street and will enable the site to provide over 400 emergency shelter beds on a nightly basis.In January, 100 beds were opened at the Southampton Street shelter after the Mayor ordered an expedited process following the necessary closure of the Long Island Bridge. An additional 150 beds on the first floor of Southampton Street opened in April, and 190 more are available this week.The third phase of the project, to be completed later this year, will add a kitchen and clinic space to the shelter.The renovated building, completed in fewer than six months, will provide space for both the emergency shelter as well as two of the city's transitional housing programs, Project SOAR and Safe Harbor. Reopening this shelter and the transitional beds restores the services that the city offered before the Long Island Bridge closure. Temporary shelter beds located at the South End Fitness Center, Boston Rescue Mission and Boston's Health Care for the Homeless that have been operating since October, were closed this week.""This project is a testament to what can be established when we work together to tackle our City's biggest challenges,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is not just a shelter - but a front door to counseling, support and permanent housing. It is a critical part of our strategy to end veteran homelessness this year, and chronic homelessness by 2018. Together, we can make Boston a city where no one is left behind- no matter your income, your past, your struggles.""""This building represents Mayor Walsh's belief that all people should be treated with respect and dignity and that everyone deserves opportunities to succeed,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Felix Arroyo. ""This shelter, and the programs it will house, will lead to a new beginning for all who enter it.""The Southampton Street shelter beds will be available to men, and staff at the facility will be screening individuals prior to allowing entry to the shelter. The shelter design also allows for a dedicated space to shelter homeless young adults and transgender guests. The Woods-Mullen shelter, which has served as a coed facility, will be converted to an all-women's shelter. The conversion of Woods-Mullen will provide a safer, more supportive shelter environment for homeless women where programming is tailored to meet their needs. Both shelters will be open on a year-round basis during the day, which will enable guests to receive case management, housing search assistance and health care services during the daytime hours.Mayor Releases An Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic HomelessnessMayor Walsh today also releasedAn Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness, the results of months of work by the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness.The Task Force identified that Boston has one of the lowest rates of urban, unsheltered street homelessness in the United States, as a result of steadily increasing the number of housing units for homeless individuals by targeting resources and committing to new investments.In the last two years:Despite these efforts, the demand for shelter services has recently increased. To truly solve homelessness in Boston, it is imperative for the City and its partner providers to implement critical system reforms.The action plan will work to end veteran homelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018. The goals will require a complete transformation of the homeless response system and will impact outcomes across the system for the entire individual homeless population.The Action Plan will redesign Boston's homelessness response system by focusing more on technology alongside the components ofFront Door Triage, Coordinated Access, Rapid Rehousing, and Permanent Supportive Housing:The approximate total amount of existing resources dedicated to meeting the goals of this plan over three years is $60.9 million. The total estimated amount of new resources needed over three years is $12.7 million, which will be secured through a variety of public and private partners.In November, the Mayor announced the formation of the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness, a group charged with examining Boston's current shelter system and available support services, and outlining a strategy that will put homeless individuals on a path to permanent housing.The task force included a diverse group of providers, the business community, foundations and philanthropic organizations, experts in innovation and analytics, subject matter experts from City staff and clients of the city's homeless services.The task force was co-chaired by Sheila Dillon, Chief of Housing, and Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services, and included representatives from the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Police Department, Boston Housing Authorityand the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics."
It is disheartening and troubling to see a neighboring country target a minority group for exclusion. I urge Dominican leaders to reverse course and recognize the tremendous value of diversity and inclusion for any nation. We stand with theHaitiancommunity in Boston andabroad.
"On June 25, 2015, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with President of Citizens Bank Massachusetts Quincy Miller, and nearly 400 community members, celebrated the 20thanniversary of the Boston Main Streets Program, a national model for urban, multi-district Main Streets programs. The ceremony took place at the historic Strand Theatre in Dorchester, with emcee WCVBs Shayna Seymour, and featured entertainment by Brittany Butler, a contestant on NBC'sThe Voice, and students from Berklee College of Music.""I want to congratulate all of the businesses and volunteers who were honored this year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""And I want to congratulate the Boston Main Streets Program on 20 years of serving our great city. The creativity, drive and passion these individuals bring to our neighborhoods is inspiring, and we look forward to helping them achieve another successful 20 years.""At the event, Mayor Walsh joined Miller to announce a $100,000 donation from the Citizens Bank Foundation to the Boston Main Streets Foundation. The Main Streets foundation plans to use these new funds for marketing and promotion in Bostons 20 Main Streets districts. This $100,000 award from the Citizens Bank Foundation reflects our belief that the strength of our company is directly tied to the strength of communities we serve, said Miller. We are proud to partner with Boston Main Streets, a program that has become a national model for revitalizing neighborhood business districts. Our investment will help build on the achievements the Main Streets districts across the city have made in fostering small business development and making our neighborhoods more vibrant. In partnership with Citizens Bank and the City of Boston, the Boston Main Streets Foundation also announced that it will be providing a match grant of $50,000 to support the development of the new Boston Main Streets brand, logo and marketing efforts.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is thrilled to receive this latest contribution from Citizens Bank and to announce our own $50,000 matching grant. We deeply appreciate their continued investment in Boston Main Streets, said Joel Sklar, President of the Boston Main Streets Foundation. We are proud to have them as a partner, and this substantial contribution is a testament not only to Citizens Banks leadership but also to their commitment to empowering Main Streets organizations to produce exciting new outcomes in our neighborhoods.Mayor Walsh also commended the Boston Main Streets Foundation for its successful fundraising on behalf of the Main Streets districts. This year, in response to a challenge from Mayor Walsh, the Foundation far exceeded its $500,000 goal, raising more than $600,000.From among the hundreds of Main Streets volunteers who gave more than 26,000 hours of time in 2014, each district has chosen one volunteer to honor as Volunteer of the Year. Since the start of the program in 1995, volunteers have contributed more than 347,000 hours of their time to Main Street efforts. This years Volunteers of the Year are:Allston Village  Lea BeaulieuBowdoin/Geneva  Courtney AsherBrighton  Steve and Molly McCarthyChinatown  Jack TanDudley Square  Frederick FairfieldEast Boston  John TylerEgleston Square  Tim Reardon Fields Corner  Brian CorbettFour Corners  Marilyn FormanGreater Grove Hall- Roberta YoungHyde/Jackson Square  Jeff CroninHyde Park  Bob MenapaceJP Centre/South  Michael EppMattapan Square- Nadia Fenton-Rahim Mission Hill  Reverend Philip DabneyRoslindale Village  Richard ChalfinSt. Marks Area  Pat ONeillUphams Corner  Bridget Curd Washington Gateway  Dave WisholekWest Roxbury  Adrienne VaughanIn his remarks to awardees, Mayor Walsh referred to Bostons small businesses as the backbone of our commercial districts,"" providing products and services to the people who live and work in the neighborhoods. Each Main Streets district has chosen one business to honor as Business of the Year. In 2014, more than 2,500 businesses have received business assistance through their local Main Streets organizations, and Bostons Main Streets districts have boasted an average 95 percent occupancy rate for the last two years. This years Businesses of the Year include:Allston Village Lulus AllstonBowdoin/Geneva  Just SteakBrighton The Corrib PubChinatown  Tea DoDudley Square  Tropical FoodsEast Boston East Boston Neighborhood Health CenterEgleston Square  Millennium Restaurant & GrillFields Corner  Very Berry Four Corners  Aspirers Community Center Greater Grove Hall  Classic Clothing CompanyHyde/Jackson Square  The Old Havana RestaurantHyde Park  Central Paint and True Value HardwareJP Centre/South  Boing! JPs Toy ShopMattapan Square  Brothers Deli & RestaurantMission Hill  Montecristo Mexican Grill Roslindale Village  DelfinoSt. Marks Area  Sea Breeze Mexican GrillUphams Corner  Liberty Tax ServiceWashington Gateway  The Gallows West Roxbury  Rental DepotAbout Boston Main StreetsDeveloped out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. About Boston Main Streets FoundationIn 2005, the City of Boston established the Boston Main Streets Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization established to provide financial and strategic support to the Boston Main Streets program and local districts. The Boston Main Streets Foundation raises funds from the private sector and foundations to spark new, innovative, and scalable outcomes in Bostons twenty Main Streets neighborhood commercial districts and to empower local Main Streets districts to produce new & improved results.About Citizens Financial Group, Inc.Citizens Financial Group, Inc. is one of the nations oldest and largest financial institutions, with $136.5 billion in assets as of March 31, 2015. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens helps its retail customers bank better with mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,200 ATMs and approximately 1,200 Citizens Bank branches in 11 states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Citizens also provides mortgage lending, auto lending, student lending and commercial banking services in select markets nationwide. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest hedging, leasing and asset finance, specialty finance and trade finance. Citizens operates through its subsidiaries Citizens Bank, N.A., and Citizens Bank ofPennsylvania. Additional information about Citizens and its full line of products and services can be found atwww.citizensbank.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a joint partnership with the Melanoma Foundation of New England (MFNE), Make Big Change (MBC) and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to provide free sunscreen dispensers in public parks in the city of Boston.Boston will be the first major city in the Northeast to initiate this program, currently in effect in Miami Beach, Florida. The partnership will begin with a pilot program of 30 initial sunscreen dispensers in five city parks, and may lead to a widespread installation throughout Boston, depending on the success of the program.""Preventing skin cancer is a public health imperative,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Strategically placed sunscreen dispensers offer the public an easy preventive measure to avoid sun overexposure. We are proud to be the first Northeast city to pilot this program and thank MFNE and MBC for stepping forward as partners.""The dispensers will initially be placed in Millennium Park, West Roxbury Jamaica Pond, Jamaica Plain the Boston Common Christopher Columbus Park, North End and East Boston Stadium and Memorial Park, East Boston.The sunscreen dispensers offered by MFNE and MBC are weather resistant and low maintenance, and hold all-natural SPF-30 sunscreen, which is safe for people aged 6 months and up. All of the ingredients will be printed on the machines upon installation, and are available upon request.MFNE will subsidize the cost and procurement of the sunscreen dispensers at no cost to taxpayers through private and corporate sponsorship donations, and funds raised by MFNE's Running for Cover, one of the Boston Athletic Association's Official Charity Teams for the 2015 Boston Marathon. MFNE will also use this platform to expand their year-round public education programs aimed at melanoma prevention and detection. Since 2014, MBC has worked to place sunscreen-dispensing devices across high-traffic areas in New Hampshire including public parks and beaches.""Skin cancer and melanoma are among the most prevalent cancers,"" said City Councilor Matt O'Malley, who first proposed a citywide sunscreen initiative. ""They're also among the most preventable. I am proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and the Melanoma Foundation of New England to provide sunscreen dispensers to residents and tourists as well as increase awareness of the importance of protecting your skin. Once again, Boston will lead the way.""""We know that if used correctly, sunscreen decreases the risk of skin cancer,"" said Deb Girard, Executive Director of MFNE. ""We are thrilled to be working with the City of Boston and Make Big Change to make these units accessible in Boston. We are grateful to have this platform to educate the public on the dangers of sun exposure and skin cancer prevention.""In 2014 the Surgeon General issued a Call to Action to governments, health care officials, groups, families and individuals across the nation to address skin cancer as a major public health concern. According to the Call to Action, as many as 90 percent of melanomas are likely to have been caused by UV exposure, which is highly preventable through proper sun safety measures and avoidance of cosmetic UV exposure, like tanning beds. Melanoma rates are increasing faster than nearly all other cancers."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh welcomes you to participate in Boston's Snow Melt Challenge, a guessing game to encourage Boston residents to guess when all of snow at the snow farm at Tide Street will melt. Winners will have an opportunity to enjoy a ""meet and greet"" with Mayor Walsh.""This is a fun and creative way for residents to come together and make light of what was a long, challenging winter,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now that it's summer, we can have some fun and talk about how we recovered from the historic amount of snow Boston received. I'm surprised to see that we still have unmelted snow here!""This winter, Public Works plowed 295,000 miles of roadway this past winter-roughly 12 trips around the earth - removed over 40,000 truckloads of snow from city streets, and melted 50,000 tons of snow at snow farms.Most of the snow was carried to Tide Street and surrounding snow farms, but Tide Street's snow still remains.Rules for Entry:To enter, participants must tweet at @Marty_Walsh using the hashtag #BOSMeltNow, including the month and day they believe the snow will be fully melted.Submissions are due bymidnightonJuly 15, 2015."
"BOSTON - Thursday, June 25, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a joint partnership with the Melanoma Foundation of New England (MFNE), Make Big Change (MBC) and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to provide free sunscreen dispensers in public parks in the city of Boston.Boston will be the first major city in the Northeast to initiate this program, currently in effect in Miami Beach, Florida. The partnership will begin with a pilot program of 30 initial sunscreen dispensers in five city parks, and may lead to a widespread installation throughout Boston, depending on the success of the program.""Preventing skin cancer is a public health imperative,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Strategically placed sunscreen dispensers offer the public an easy preventive measure to avoid sun overexposure. We are proud to be the first Northeast city to pilot this program and thank MFNE and MBC for stepping forward as partners.""The dispensers will initially be placed in Millennium Park, West Roxbury Jamaica Pond, Jamaica Plain the Boston Common Christopher Columbus Park, North End and East Boston Stadium and Memorial Park, East Boston.The sunscreen dispensers offered by MFNE and MBC are weather resistant and low maintenance, and hold all-natural SPF-30 sunscreen, which is safe for people aged 6 months and up. All of the ingredients will be printed on the machines upon installation, and are available upon request.MFNE will subsidize the cost and procurement of the sunscreen dispensers at no cost to taxpayers through private and corporate sponsorship donations, and funds raised by MFNE's Running for Cover, one of the Boston Athletic Association's Official Charity Teams for the 2015 Boston Marathon. MFNE will also use this platform to expand their year-round public education programs aimed at melanoma prevention and detection. Since 2014, MBC has worked to place sunscreen-dispensing devices across high-traffic areas in New Hampshire including public parks and beaches.""Skin cancer and melanoma are among the most prevalent cancers,"" said City Councilor Matt O'Malley, who first proposed a citywide sunscreen initiative. ""They're also among the most preventable. I am proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and the Melanoma Foundation of New England to provide sunscreen dispensers to residents and tourists as well as increase awareness of the importance of protecting your skin. Once again, Boston will lead the way.""""We know that if used correctly, sunscreen decreases the risk of skin cancer,"" said Deb Girard, Executive Director of MFNE. ""We are thrilled to be working with the City of Boston and Make Big Change to make these units accessible in Boston. We are grateful to have this platform to educate the public on the dangers of sun exposure and skin cancer prevention.""In 2014 the Surgeon General issued a Call to Action to governments, health care officials, groups, families and individuals across the nation to address skin cancer as a major public health concern. According to the Call to Action, as many as 90 percent of melanomas are likely to have been caused by UV exposure, which is highly preventable through proper sun safety measures and avoidance of cosmetic UV exposure, like tanning beds. Melanoma rates are increasing faster than nearly all other cancers."
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 25, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today officially opened the City's new homeless shelter at 112 Southampton Street and announced the release ofAn Action Plan to End Chronic and Veteran Homelessness, the result of the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness.The opening of the shelter marks the completion of Phase II of the project at 112 Southampton Street and will enable the site to provide over 400 emergency shelter beds on a nightly basis.In January, 100 beds were opened at the Southampton Street shelter after the Mayor ordered an expedited process following the necessary closure of the Long Island Bridge. An additional 150 beds on the first floor of Southampton Street opened in April, and 190 more are available this week.The third phase of the project, to be completed later this year, will add a kitchen and clinic space to the shelter.The renovated building, completed in fewer than six months, will provide space for both the emergency shelter as well as two of the city's transitional housing programs, Project SOAR and Safe Harbor. Reopening this shelter and the transitional beds restores the services that the city offered before the Long Island Bridge closure. Temporary shelter beds located at the South End Fitness Center, Boston Rescue Mission and Boston's Health Care for the Homeless that have been operating since October, were closed this week.""This project is a testament to what can be established when we work together to tackle our City's biggest challenges,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is not just a shelter - but a front door to counseling, support and permanent housing. It is a critical part of our strategy to end veteran homelessness this year, and chronic homelessness by 2018. Together, we can make Boston a city where no one is left behind- no matter your income, your past, your struggles.""""This building represents Mayor Walsh's belief that all people should be treated with respect and dignity and that everyone deserves opportunities to succeed,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Felix Arroyo. ""This shelter, and the programs it will house, will lead to a new beginning for all who enter it.""The Southampton Street shelter beds will be available to men, and staff at the facility will be screening individuals prior to allowing entry to the shelter. The shelter design also allows for a dedicated space to shelter homeless young adults and transgender guests. The Woods-Mullen shelter, which has served as a coed facility, will be converted to an all-women's shelter. The conversion of Woods-Mullen will provide a safer, more supportive shelter environment for homeless women where programming is tailored to meet their needs. Both shelters will be open on a year-round basis during the day, which will enable guests to receive case management, housing search assistance and health care services during the daytime hours.Mayor Releases An Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic HomelessnessMayor Walsh today also releasedAn Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness, the results of months of work by the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness.The Task Force identified that Boston has one of the lowest rates of urban, unsheltered street homelessness in the United States, as a result of steadily increasing the number of housing units for homeless individuals by targeting resources and committing to new investments.In the last two years:Emergency department use has been reduced 54 percent among a cohort of high utilizers of emergency services after permanent supportive housing placement nights hospitalized were reduced by 31 percentDespite these efforts, the demand for shelter services has recently increased. To truly solve homelessness in Boston, it is imperative for the City and its partner providers to implement critical system reforms.The action plan will work to end veteran homelessness by 2015 and chronic homelessness by 2018. The goals will require a complete transformation of the homeless response system and will impact outcomes across the system for the entire individual homeless population.The Action Plan will redesign Boston's homelessness response system by focusing more on technology alongside the components ofFront Door Triage, Coordinated Access, Rapid Rehousing, and Permanent Supportive Housing:The approximate total amount of existing resources dedicated to meeting the goals of this plan over three years is $60.9 million. The total estimated amount of new resources needed over three years is $12.7 million, which will be secured through a variety of public and private partners.In November, the Mayor announced the formation of the Mayor's Task Force on Individual Homelessness, a group charged with examining Boston's current shelter system and available support services, and outlining a strategy that will put homeless individuals on a path to permanent housing.The task force included a diverse group of providers, the business community, foundations and philanthropic organizations, experts in innovation and analytics, subject matter experts from City staff and clients of the city's homeless services.The task force was co-chaired by Sheila Dillon, Chief of Housing, and Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services, and included representatives from the Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Police Department, Boston Housing Authorityand the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics."
"On June 25, 2015, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with President of Citizens Bank Massachusetts Quincy Miller, and nearly 400 community members, celebrated the 20thanniversary of the Boston Main Streets Program, a national model for urban, multi-district Main Streets programs. The ceremony took place at the historic Strand Theatre in Dorchester, with emcee WCVBs Shayna Seymour, and featured entertainment by Brittany Butler, a contestant on NBC'sThe Voice, and students from Berklee College of Music.""I want to congratulate all of the businesses and volunteers who were honored this year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""And I want to congratulate the Boston Main Streets Program on 20 years of serving our great city. The creativity, drive and passion these individuals bring to our neighborhoods is inspiring, and we look forward to helping them achieve another successful 20 years.""At the event, Mayor Walsh joined Miller to announce a $100,000 donation from the Citizens Bank Foundation to the Boston Main Streets Foundation. The Main Streets foundation plans to use these new funds for marketing and promotion in Bostons 20 Main Streets districts. This $100,000 award from the Citizens Bank Foundation reflects our belief that the strength of our company is directly tied to the strength of communities we serve, said Miller. We are proud to partner with Boston Main Streets, a program that has become a national model for revitalizing neighborhood business districts. Our investment will help build on the achievements the Main Streets districts across the city have made in fostering small business development and making our neighborhoods more vibrant.In partnership with Citizens Bank and the City of Boston, the Boston Main Streets Foundation also announced that it will be providing a match grant of $50,000 to support the development of the new Boston Main Streets brand, logo and marketing efforts.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is thrilled to receive this latest contribution from Citizens Bank and to announce our own $50,000 matching grant. We deeply appreciate their continued investment in Boston Main Streets, said Joel Sklar, President of the Boston Main Streets Foundation. We are proud to have them as a partner, and this substantial contribution is a testament not only to Citizens Banks leadership but also to their commitment to empowering Main Streets organizations to produce exciting new outcomes in our neighborhoods.Mayor Walsh also commended the Boston Main Streets Foundation for its successful fundraising on behalf of the Main Streets districts. This year, in response to a challenge from Mayor Walsh, the Foundation far exceeded its $500,000 goal, raising more than $600,000.From among the hundreds of Main Streets volunteers who gave more than 26,000 hours of time in 2014, each district has chosen one volunteer to honor as Volunteer of the Year. Since the start of the program in 1995, volunteers have contributed more than 347,000 hours of their time to Main Street efforts. This years Volunteers of the Year are:In his remarks to awardees, Mayor Walsh referred to Bostons small businesses as the backbone of our commercial districts,"" providing products and services to the people who live and work in the neighborhoods. Each Main Streets district has chosen one business to honor as Business of the Year. In 2014, more than 2,500 businesses have received business assistance through their local Main Streets organizations, and Bostons Main Streets districts have boasted an average 95 percent occupancy rate for the last two years. This years Businesses of the Year include:About Boston Main StreetsDeveloped out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community. About Boston Main Streets FoundationIn 2005, the City of Boston established the Boston Main Streets Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization established to provide financial and strategic support to the Boston Main Streets program and local districts. The Boston Main Streets Foundation raises funds from the private sector and foundations to spark new, innovative, and scalable outcomes in Bostons twenty Main Streets neighborhood commercial districts and to empower local Main Streets districts to produce new & improved results.About Citizens Financial Group, Inc.Citizens Financial Group, Inc. is one of the nations oldest and largest financial institutions, with $136.5 billion in assets as of March 31, 2015. Headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island, Citizens offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations and institutions. In Consumer Banking, Citizens helps its retail customers bank better with mobile and online banking, a 24/7 customer contact center and the convenience of approximately 3,200 ATMs and approximately 1,200 Citizens Bank branches in 11 states in the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. Citizens also provides mortgage lending, auto lending, student lending and commercial banking services in select markets nationwide. In Commercial Banking, Citizens offers corporate, institutional and not-for-profit clients a full range of wholesale banking products and services including lending and deposits, capital markets, treasury services, foreign exchange and interest hedging, leasing and asset finance, specialty finance and trade finance. Citizens operates through its subsidiaries Citizens Bank, N.A., and Citizens Bank ofPennsylvania. Additional information about Citizens and its full line of products and services can be found atwww.citizensbank.com."
Boston Public Library and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture announce branch visits by the City of Bostons Poet Laureate, Danielle Legros Georges, who will travel to Boston Public Library locations this summer to meet and engage with aspiring and practicing poets throughout the city. Interested participants can bring examples of their work for discussion, or questions and comments for the Poet Laureate Program.The drop-in workshops from such a highly accomplished poet are a unique learning opportunity to develop ones skills and celebrate creativity and the arts in the City of Boston, said Christine Schonhart, Boston Public Librarys Director of Library Services for the Branches.The following visits take place in Boston Public Library branches:Danielle Legros Georgeswas appointed Bostons Poet Laureate by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in December 2014 and teaches at Lesley University in the Creative Arts and Learning Division. She is the author ofMaroon, a book of poems, and her poems have appeared in numerous anthologies. Her essays, interviews, poems, and reviews have appeared in publications includingThe American Poetry Review,TheBoston Globe, Callaloo, Consequence, Salamander, spoKe, Solstice, Transition, World Literature Today, and theWomens Review of Books.A resident of Dorchester, she was born in Haiti, has lived in Bostons Haitian community of Mattapan, Chicago and New York, and has travelled to various parts of the world.Photo credit: Priscilla HarmelAbout BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
The Boston Public Works Department (PWD) today announced the purchase of two large scale truck mounted snow blowers to more efficiently clear Boston's streets during periods of heavy snow fall. This past winter, over 1 billion cubic square feet of snow fell in Boston, setting a new record of over 108 inches of snow. The City rented similar snow blowers during snow removal efforts, but did not own the equipment.After a Request for Proposal (RFP) was released in May, two bids were submitted. Woodco Machinery, Inc., from Woburn, was the only bidder to meet the City's specs. The two L90 Volvo loaders with LaRue D55 blowers, which together create the entire machine, cost $645,000 and will take approximately 90 days to build.The two new pieces of equipment have the ability to 2,750 tons of snow per hour with a casting distance up to 150 feet. The blowers will be mounted on 4-wheel front-loaders from Volvo Construction Equipment, with tires over 4 feet in diameter. Large dump trucks, with capacities about 10 to 16 cubic yards, can move along with the blowers, catch snow and cart it to disposal sites.Simultaneously, PWD is currently working on compiling its 15 snow contracting RFPs, and may ask the awardees to provide similar large scale snow blowers to supplement these new purchases, however it will not be mandatory.PWD plowed 295,000 miles of roadway this past winterroughly 12 trips around the earth - removed over 40,000 truckloads of snow from city streets, and melted 50,000 tons of snow at snow farms.  Montreal used similar equipment to battle recent snow storms. To view,click here.  
Today, the Boston Public Library announced the results of the Print Department Report, a BPL commissioned year-long external review of the BPL Print Collection. Launched in June 2014 and conducted by Simmons College Professor Dr. Martha Mahard, the four-volume report evaluates inventory control and the current physical arrangement of the collections 320,000 items, and makes recommendations on how to improve intellectual control and organization of the Print Department assets moving forward. The report covers the need for improved record keeping, primarily from artwork acquired in the latter half of the last century, when new acquisitions outpaced proper documentation and organization.Upon completion of the project in June 2015, BPL commissioned Dr. Mahard to conduct an item-by-item inventory of the Print Department, which includes 200,000 prints and 120,000 chromolithographs. Launched on June 8, the inventory will inform the next phase of Print Collection improvements.The Print and Special Collections play an essential role in the library fulfilling its mission as a center of knowledge, said Michael Colford, BPL Director of Library Services. This Print Department Report gives BPL a detailed look into how the library can be the best steward of these 320,000 works going forward. BPL is already taking steps to act on these recommendations, and will continue to use the report as the blueprint for additional improvements in the Print Department.The Print Department Report includes an analysis of the secure area where the Print Collection is housed, which consists of the Print Stacks, measuring 8,424 square feet, and the secure Cabinet Room, measuring 1600 square feet. Among the findings, the report recommends a review of staffing levels and responsibilities, and improvements to collection documentation, online discovery, physical storage, and print-viewing access.BPL leadership selected Dr. Martha Mahard, a Professor at Simmons School of Library and Information Science, for the project due to her more than three decades of professional experience with the Harvard University Libraries.The item-by-item inventory underway now is expected to be completed within nine months, and will provide the library with a listing of the Print Departments 320,000 items. Simmons College interns are assisting with this process, and public service in the Print Department has been suspended to complete the inventory.The inventory will inform the next phase of storage, preservation, space allocation, and online catalog access for the Print Collection. The overarching goal of the BPL commissioned report and the inventory is the preservation and public access to this distinctive collection.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The Boston Transportation Department, in cooperation with the Hyde Park community, the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services and Boston City Councilor Timothy McCarthy, is pleased to announce that it has developed a plan aimed at improving traffic circulation in Hyde Parks Cleary Square. Components of the new design will be implemented on Tuesday evening, July 7th. Local drivers are advised to watch for the modifications when traveling through the area.It is important that we work to maintain accessibility throughout these areas to ensure that our local businesses may continue to serve Bostons residents and visitors, said Mayor Walsh. Working alongside Councilor McCarthy and representatives of Hyde Parks residential and business communities, we hope that these changes will ease congestion and improve access in Clearly Square and the surrounding vicinity.I am looking forward to the successful implementation of this updated Cleary Square traffic plan, added Councilor McCarthy. We have worked together to devise strategies that we expect will ease congestion and provide for increased traffic and pedestrian safety in this busy commercial area. We will, of course, monitor the effects of these changes over time and continue to make improvements as necessary.Specifics of the plan are as follows.Councilor McCarthy advocated for funding for this project which is now a part of the citys current capital budget. BTD Operations Division staff will manufacture and post all new signage required for the project, as well as ensure that new pavement markings are installed as needed.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Health and Human Services and the Boston Public Health Commission in announcing the Mobile Sharps Collection Team (MSCT), a new program, dispatching a crew to properly handle loose, sharp needles. In addition, Citizens Connect now has this new feature, which allows citizens to file reports through their mobile app.Public spaces should be safe for the people of Boston and visitors, and looseneedlesare a risk to anyone who is exposed, said Mayor Walsh. Throughout the many public meetings Ive hosted, Ive heard, loud and clear, the concerns of our residents. I commend the Departments of Innovation and Technology, Health and Human Services, Civic Engagement, Neighborhood Services and the Boston Public Health Commission for their collaborative efforts in launching this new initiative.This new, permanent program will make positive change throughout our neighborhoods.Since early June, MSCT has collected over 2,000needles. Residents can now reportneedlesthrough Citizens Connect or the Mayor's 24-Hour Hotline, in which casethe Mobile Sharps Collection Team will be dispatched to properly take care of the issue.The MSCT will also serve as an integral part of the citys substance abuse outreach team and will help to identify areas where there are opportunities to engage with active users and community residents about substance abuse-related concerns.When reporting aneedlein a public area it is important to note specific details, pertaining to landmarks and other markers to best facilitate the fastest possible response. During slow reporting times, MSCT will travel consistently throughout Bostons neighborhoods, collecting anyneedlesthey can find.We have information on how to safely dispose ofneedlesand/or syringes. For more information on how to download Citizens Connect, visit the City of Boston's apps page. To contact Mayor Walsh's 24-Hour Hotline, call:617-635-4500.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued the following safety tips for residents following a tornado watch being issued for the City of Boston and surrounding areas until11 p.m.tonight:The City's Emergency Operations Center is open to monitor the weather conditions with City agencies present and ready to respond. 
BOSTON-Tuesday, June 23, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Health and Human Services and the Boston Public Health Commission in announcing the Mobile Sharps Collection Team (MSCT), a new program, dispatching a crew to properly handle loose, sharp needles. In addition, Citizens Connect now has this new feature, which allows citizens to file reports through their mobile app.Public spaces should be safe for the people of Boston and visitors, and looseneedlesare a risk to anyone who is exposed, said Mayor Walsh. Throughout the many public meetings Ive hosted, Ive heard, loud and clear, the concerns of our residents. I commend the Departments of Innovation and Technology, Health and Human Services, Civic Engagement, Neighborhood Services and the Boston Public Health Commission for their collaborative efforts in launching this new initiative.This new, permanent program will make positive change throughout our neighborhoods.Since early June, MSCT has collected over 2,000needles. Residents can now reportneedlesthrough Citizens Connect or the Mayor's 24-Hour Hotline, in which casethe Mobile Sharps Collection Team will be dispatched to properly take care of the issue.The MSCT will also serve as an integral part of the citys substance abuse outreach team and will help to identify areas where there are opportunities to engage with active users and community residents about substance abuse-related concerns.When reporting aneedlein a public area it is important to note specific details, pertaining to landmarks and other markers to best facilitate the fastest possible response. During slow reporting times, MSCT will travel consistently throughout Bostons neighborhoods, collecting anyneedlesthey can find.We have more information on how to safely dispose ofneedlesand/or syringes. We also have more information on how to download Citizens Connect. To contact Mayor Walsh's 24-Hour Hotline, call:617-635-4500.
BOSTON - Monday, June 22, 2015 - The Boston Public Works Department (PWD) today announced the purchase of two large scale truck mounted snow blowers to more efficiently clear Boston's streets during periods of heavy snow fall. This past winter, over 1 billion cubic square feet of snow fell in Boston, setting a new record of over 108 inches of snow. The City rented similar snow blowers during snow removal efforts, but did not own the equipment.After a Request for Proposal (RFP) was released in May, two bids were submitted. Woodco Machinery, Inc., from Woburn, was the only bidder to meet the City's specs. The two L90 Volvo loaders with LaRue D55 blowers, which together create the entire machine, cost $645,000 and will take approximately 90 days to build.The two new pieces of equipment have the ability to 2,750 tons of snow per hour with a casting distance up to 150 feet. The blowers will be mounted on 4-wheel front-loaders from Volvo Construction Equipment, with tires over 4 feet in diameter. Large dump trucks, with capacities about 10 to 16 cubic yards, can move along with the blowers, catch snow and cart it to disposal sites.Simultaneously, PWD is currently working on compiling its 15 snow contracting RFPs, and may ask the awardees to provide similar large scale snow blowers to supplement these new purchases, however it will not be mandatory.PWD plowed 295,000 miles of roadway this past winterroughly 12 trips around the earth - removed over 40,000 truckloads of snow from city streets, and melted 50,000 tons of snow at snow farms.  Montreal used similar equipment to battle recent snow storms. To view,click here.
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free BCYF Neighborhood Block Party! Select Thursday nights in July and August from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m., the BCYF Neighborhood Block Party will offer a variety of free activities include a DJ, cookout, snow cones, resource tables staffed by our partners and other city agencies, arts & crafts activities, swimming, and more.This summers schedule is as follows:July 9 BCYF Clougherty Pool, Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown  July 23 Leahy-Holloran Community Center, 1 Worrell Street, DorchesterAugust 6 BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center, 20 South Street, Jamaica PlainAugust 20 BCYF Nazzaro Community Center, 30 North Bennet Street, North EndAll Block Parties  with the exception of the BCYF Clougherty Pool location  are rain or shine. Any updates to the schedule will be posted on the BCYF Facebook page (Facebook.com/BCYFBoston) and on Twitter at @BCYFCenters.
Today at the 83rd Annual Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Mayor Martin J. Walsh attended the Immigration Reform Task Force Meeting, at which he discussed the recommendations of the White House Task Force on New Americans, initiatives of the Department of Homeland Security and welcoming efforts underway in Boston. His remarks, as prepared for delivery, are attached to this email.Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh joined U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Len Rodrguez to sign a letter of agreement to expand a partnership to strengthen citizenship education and awareness efforts. The agreement will remain in effect for three years. Research shows that immigrants who have naturalized have more employment opportunities and higher incomes, and experience lower levels of poverty than non-citizens.In May 2015, Mayor Walsh, Boston-area immigrants and local business leaders and advocates discussed the economic and moral benefits of President Obamas executive action on immigration, while calling on Congress to pass legislative reform without delay. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans (DAPA) will help an estimated five million immigrants and children of immigrants stay in the United States, continue contributing to our economy and create American jobs.In additional to being a strong supporter of President Obamas Executive Order on Immigration, Mayor Walsh has hosted citizenship and naturalization clinics, among other efforts to help support immigrants in Boston.To learn more about Bostons efforts to support the immigrant community, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/newbostonians/.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today, alongsideMayor Francis Slay of St. Louis, submitted a resolution to the U.S.Conference of Mayors (USCM), calling on Congress to increase funding and the appropriations of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) to $4.7 billion in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016.The resolution, which wasoverwhelmingly passed,identifiesLIHEAPas an essential resource for our communities most underserved populations. More than 20 mayors from across the country pledged their support ofLIHEAPduring USCMs 83rdAnnual Meeting.""Energy costs continue to place an enormous burden on our households due to rising costs, severe weather and record numbers of households coming forward for assistance,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Without additional help, low income families in the Northeast are faced with a terrible dilemma: keep their homes safe and run the risk of disconnection, or turn their heat off to lower the cost of heating their homes. That's why we are calling on our federal partners to step up and prioritizeLIHEAPfunding to keep our families warm during the coldest months of the year.""LIHEAPfunding has continued to decline in recent years. Since FY10, total funding for the program has declined from $5.1 billion to $3.4 billion in FY15. Last week, the Labor, Health & Human Services Subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee voted for a slight decrease inLIHEAPfunding ($3.365 billion) for FY16.I am proud to be among this group of Mayors who sees the value and importance of protecting our cities most vulnerable populations, said Mayor Slay. I commend and thank my fellow Mayors from across the country for their continued support of LIHEAP and the families the program serves.Energy costs continue to place an enormous burden on households due to rising costs, severe weather and record numbers of households coming forward for assistance. Countrywide, 45 million individuals fall below the national poverty level, and in Massachusetts alone, more than 183,000 households received support through LIHEAP. This program is an essential resource for our families in need, particularly the elderly, working poor, families with young children and individuals with disabilities, to pay their home heating and cooling bills. Without this help, low-income families are faced with a terrible dilemma: keep their homes safe and run the risk of disconnection, or turn their heat off to lower the cost of heating their homes. LIHEAP enables our families to stay warm and remain in good standing with utility companies during our brutally cold winters.This past December, Mayor Walsh and Mayor Slay co-chaired a letter to President Obama requesting an increase to LIHEAP funding in FY16. In a testament to the importance of this program and its effect on families from coast to coast, 85 other mayorsfrom both sides of the political aislesigned onto the letter."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today reinforced his commitment to combating sex trafficking in Boston through comprehensive demand reduction and prevention. At the 83rd Annual Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Mayor Walsh joined 35 mayors from across the country in signing a resolution calling for aggressive anti-trafficking interventions to end demand for sex buying and mitigate the associated public safety, economic and health risks to our nations cities.Human trafficking is a crisis that is plaguing our communities, in Boston, and across the nation, said Mayor Walsh. We must do everything we can to raise awareness and put an end to this heinous crime, by working together to allocate much needed resources to victims and survivors. We must continue to seek justice, safe communities and programming to help those who have been affected.Focusing on eliminating the demand for sexual exploitation, the resolution urges that all anti-trafficking strategies hold both sex buyers and pimps accountable for fueling a deeply damaging industry and provide services to help exploited people leave the industry. In addition to citywide strategies, the mayors also called on the federal government to quickly implement the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (JVTA), which will direct much needed resources to help law enforcement target buyers and support victims. JVTA is the first comprehensive bill to address the domestic trafficking of American citizens, providing funding for survivor services, as well as new tools for law enforcement to investigate and prosecute trafficking crimes.The mayors also advocated demand reduction as a pragmatic, effective way to eliminate the sexual exploitation. Sex buyers drive the illegal, harmful enterprise and associated criminal and societal challenges, including drug addiction, street violence, and gangs, according to the resolution.Every day, sex buyers make the choice to perpetuate a deeply damaging industry that hurts vulnerable people and harms our communities, said Ziba Cranmer, Executive Director of Demand Abolition, a Massachusetts-based nonprofit working to reduce the demand for purchased sex. Holding buyers accountable for their choices while supporting survivors exploited by the industry is critical to the safety and well-being of individuals in cities across the city. Take away the buyers, and we take away the abuse.Mayor Walsh is among 11 mayors in a network launched in February called Cities Empowered Against Sexual Exploitation (CEASE). Catalyzed by Demand Abolition, these cities are committed to reducing the demand for buying sex in their communities by 20 percent within two years. Many cities have already implemented tactics to end demand for illegal commercial sexual exploitation and many mayors are focused on reducing this harmful industry locally and nationally.During the Conference, Mayor Walsh also sponsored a resolution equity in medical research, which builds off the 1993 National Institutes of Health (NIH) Revitalization Act, a law mandating that women and minorities be included in clinical trials funded by the NIH. This new resolution calls on the federal government and other funding agencies ensure that the design of clinical studies includes a consideration of the sex of the subject, adequate participation of women, including women from diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds, and the reporting of sex-stratified findings, and that medical device and pharmaceutical labeling should carry a disclaimer or warning label if clinical testing did not include adequate numbers of female subjects.Other resolutions sponsored by the Mayor focused on common-sense gun legislation, paid-parental leave policies, addressing the nations wealth gap and economic security and increasing Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) funding for underserved populations. For more information on the Annual Meeting or the resolutions sponsored by Mayor Walsh, please visit:usmayors.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an additional $270,000in funding to create 200 additional jobs for youth this summer. The Mayor made the announcement while attending the 83rd U.S. Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Calif.""Summer jobs provide more than just a source of income for our young people,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These jobs provide valuable work experience, mentorship opportunities, self- confidence and most importantly, an opportunity to see a new and better future. I thank our partners on the City Council for their continued support. ""I want to commend the administration and my colleagues on the City Council for their tireless advocacy for summer opportunities for youth across the city,"" said City Council Ways and Means Committee Chairman Mark Ciommo.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's young people.Under his leadership, Boston currently places more than 10,000 young people annually in meaningfulsummerjobs.For more than 20 years, the Boston Youth Fund, and now the Department of YouthEngagementand Employment (DYEE), has provided employment opportunities for Bostonyouth in a vast array of positions at non-profit organizations throughout the city. Many of the young people employed are instrumental in assisting non-profit organizations with outreach efforts, childcare, educational awareness and more.With this new support, the Citys overall commitment to DYEE youth jobs will grow by nearly 22 percent in fiscal year 2016. The Walsh Administration expects to be able to absorb the additional costs through continued strict expenditure management throughout the fiscal year.Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh kicked off the eighth year ofJohn Hancock's MLK Summer Jobs Program, a major partner of the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program and component of the Citys efforts to employ Boston youth. John Hancocks MLK Summer Jobs Program employs more than 600 Boston teens annually.In conjunction with the Mayors Summer Jobs Program, John Hancock works in close partnership with?The Boston Globe, Boston University and Partners HealthCare to offer the unique MLK Summer Scholars program.Summer jobs have been key to combating youth violence as well, alongside other major initiatives launched by the Mayor. This month, Mayor Walsh announced a public/private partnership led by the Mayors Public Safety Initiative with John Hancock and Boys & Girls Club of Boston's Youth Connect program that is aimed at stemming youth violence by providing clinical case management and positive youth development opportunities for high-risk youth. The program, which will be funded by John Hancock, will serve approximately 50 at-risk males and females ranging from 11-14-years-old per year.The focus of the program will be to reduce risky behaviors to increase positive decision-making skills, while creating opportunities to increase self-awareness and confidence through the acquisition of leadership and work-readiness skills. Mayor Walsh is also calling on more private sector companies to hire and support youth employment. For companies interested in participating in the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program, please contactsummerjobs@boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston has been named the host city for the U.S. Conference of Mayors (USCM) 86th Annual Meeting in June 2018.""The City of Boston is honored to be selected to host the 2018 U.S. Conference of Mayors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to showing my colleagues and their families the rich diversity of all that Boston has to offer. I want to thank USCM President Stephanie Rawlings Blake of Baltimore and CEO of USCM Tom Cochran for their continued support.We are pleased that the nations mayors will be convening in Boston for our 2018 summer meeting, said USCM CEO and Executive Director Tom Cochran. Mayor Marty Walsh has been an active and engaged member of the Conference, particularly in the area of income inequality. We look forward to continuing our conversation on identifying effective ways to close the wage gap in this city, which has been a leader on the issue.   An estimated 200 mayors will gather in Boston for the four-day session, led by Mayor Walsh as the host city mayor. Boston last hosted the USCM Annual Meeting in 2004, and the City is excited to highlight our evolution as a hub of innovation, cultural celebration and economic vitality since that time.USCM is a nonpartisan organization, which represents cities with populations of 30,000 or larger. Each year, USCM hosts its summer meeting in a different city, creating a forum where leaders can share best practices and shape a national agenda that meets the needs of the nations metropolitan areas. More than 250 mayors from across the country attend the four-day event to discuss issues such as education, transportation, criminal justice, energy and jobs. Guest speakers are featured throughout the event and have included The President and Vice President of the United States, key Congressional members and corporate leaders.About The U.S. Conference of Mayor:The U.S. Conference of Mayors is the official nonpartisan organization of cities with populations of 30,000 or more. There are nearly 1,400 such cities in the country today, and each city is represented in the Conference by its chief elected official, the mayor. Like us on Facebook atfacebook.com/usmayors, or follow us on Twitter attwitter.com/usmayors. "
"BOSTON Monday, June 22, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an additional $270,000in funding to create 200 additional jobs for youth this summer. The Mayor made the announcement while attending the 83rd U.S. Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Calif.""Summer jobs provide more than just a source of income for our young people,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These jobs provide valuable work experience, mentorship opportunities, self- confidence and most importantly, an opportunity to see a new and better future. I thank our partners on the City Council for their continued support. ""I want to commend the administration and my colleagues on the City Council for their tireless advocacy for summer opportunities for youth across the city,"" said City Council Ways and Means Committee Chairman Mark Ciommo.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's young people.Under his leadership, Boston currently places more than 10,000 young people annually in meaningfulsummerjobs.For more than 20 years, the Boston Youth Fund, and now the Department of YouthEngagementand Employment (DYEE), has provided employment opportunities for Bostonyouth in a vast array of positions at non-profit organizations throughout the city. Many of the young people employed are instrumental in assisting non-profit organizations with outreach efforts, childcare, educational awareness and more.With this new support, the Citys overall commitment to DYEE youth jobs will grow by nearly 22 percent in fiscal year 2016. The Walsh Administration expects to be able to absorb the additional costs through continued strict expenditure management throughout the fiscal year.Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh kicked off the eighth year ofJohn Hancock's MLK Summer Jobs Program, a major partner of the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program and component of the Citys efforts to employ Boston youth. John Hancocks MLK Summer Jobs Program employs more than 600 Boston teens annually.In conjunction with the Mayors Summer Jobs Program, John Hancock works in close partnership withThe Boston Globe, Boston University and Partners HealthCare to offer the unique MLK Summer Scholars program.Summer jobs have been key to combating youth violence as well, alongside other major initiatives launched by the Mayor. This month, Mayor Walsh announced a public/private partnership led by the Mayors Public Safety Initiative with John Hancock and Boys & Girls Club of Boston's Youth Connect program that is aimed at stemming youth violence by providing clinical case management and positive youth development opportunities for high-risk youth. The program, which will be funded by John Hancock, will serve approximately 50 at-risk males and females ranging from 11-14-years-old per year.The focus of the program will be to reduce risky behaviors to increase positive decision-making skills, while creating opportunities to increase self-awareness and confidence through the acquisition of leadership and work-readiness skills. Mayor Walsh is also calling on more private sector companies to hire and support youth employment. For companies interested in participating in the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program, please contactsummerjobs@boston.gov."
"SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF. -Monday, June 22, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston has been named the host city for the U.S. Conference of Mayors (USCM) 86th Annual Meeting in June 2018.""The City of Boston is honored to be selected to host the 2018 U.S. Conference of Mayors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to showing my colleagues and their families the rich diversity of all that Boston has to offer. I want to thank USCM President Stephanie Rawlings Blake of Baltimore and CEO of USCM Tom Cochran for their continued support.We are pleased that the nations mayors will be convening in Boston for our 2018 summer meeting, said USCM CEO and Executive Director Tom Cochran. Mayor Marty Walsh has been an active and engaged member of the Conference, particularly in the area of income inequality. We look forward to continuing our conversation on identifying effective ways to close the wage gap in this city, which has been a leader on the issue.   An estimated 200 mayors will gather in Boston for the four-day session, led by Mayor Walsh as the host city mayor. Boston last hosted the USCM Annual Meeting in 2004, and the City is excited to highlight our evolution as a hub of innovation, cultural celebration and economic vitality since that time.USCM is a nonpartisan organization, which represents cities with populations of 30,000 or larger. Each year, USCM hosts its summer meeting in a different city, creating a forum where leaders can share best practices and shape a national agenda that meets the needs of the nations metropolitan areas. More than 250 mayors from across the country attend the four-day event to discuss issues such as education, transportation, criminal justice, energy and jobs. Guest speakers are featured throughout the event and have included The President and Vice President of the United States, key Congressional members and corporate leaders.About The U.S. Conference of Mayors:The U.S. Conference of Mayors is the official nonpartisan organization of cities with populations of 30,000 or more. There are nearly 1,400 such cities in the country today, and each city is represented in the Conference by its chief elected official, the mayor. Like us on Facebook atfacebook.com/usmayors, or follow us on Twitter attwitter.com/usmayors. "
"SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF. Monday, June 22, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today, alongsideMayor Francis Slay of St. Louis, submitted a resolution to the U.S.Conference of Mayors (USCM), calling on Congress to increase funding and the appropriations of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) to $4.7 billion in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016.The resolution, which wasoverwhelmingly passed,identifiesLIHEAPas an essential resource for our communities most underserved populations. More than 20 mayors from across the country pledged their support ofLIHEAPduring USCMs 83rdAnnual Meeting.""Energy costs continue to place an enormous burden on our households due to rising costs, severe weather and record numbers of households coming forward for assistance,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Without additional help, low income families in the Northeast are faced with a terrible dilemma: keep their homes safe and run the risk of disconnection, or turn their heat off to lower the cost of heating their homes. That's why we are calling on our federal partners to step up and prioritizeLIHEAPfunding to keep our families warm during the coldest months of the year.""LIHEAPfunding has continued to decline in recent years. Since FY10, total funding for the program has declined from $5.1 billion to $3.4 billion in FY15. Last week, the Labor, Health & Human Services Subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee voted for a slight decrease inLIHEAPfunding ($3.365 billion) for FY16.I am proud to be among this group of Mayors who sees the value and importance of protecting our cities most vulnerable populations, said Mayor Slay. I commend and thank my fellow Mayors from across the country for their continued support of LIHEAP and the families the program serves.Energy costs continue to place an enormous burden on households due to rising costs, severe weather and record numbers of households coming forward for assistance. Countrywide, 45 million individuals fall below the national poverty level, and in Massachusetts alone, more than 183,000 households received support through LIHEAP. This program is an essential resource for our families in need, particularly the elderly, working poor, families with young children and individuals with disabilities, to pay their home heating and cooling bills. Without this help, low-income families are faced with a terrible dilemma: keep their homes safe and run the risk of disconnection, or turn their heat off to lower the cost of heating their homes. LIHEAP enables our families to stay warm and remain in good standing with utility companies during our brutally cold winters.This past December, Mayor Walsh and Mayor Slay co-chaired a letter to President Obama requesting an increase to LIHEAP funding in FY16. In a testament to the importance of this program and its effect on families from coast to coast, 85 other mayorsfrom both sides of the political aislesigned onto the letter."
BOSTON- Monday, June 22, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today reinforced his commitment to combating sex trafficking in Boston through comprehensive demand reduction and prevention. At the 83rd Annual Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Mayor Walsh joined 35 mayors from across the country in signing a resolution calling for aggressive anti-trafficking interventions to end demand for sex buying and mitigate the associated public safety, economic and health risks to our nations cities.Human trafficking is a crisis that is plaguing our communities, in Boston, and across the nation, said Mayor Walsh. We must do everything we can to raise awareness and put an end to this heinous crime, by working together to allocate much needed resources to victims and survivors. We must continue to seek justice, safe communities and programming to help those who have been affected.Focusing on eliminating the demand for sexual exploitation, the resolution urges that all anti-trafficking strategies hold both sex buyers and pimps accountable for fueling a deeply damaging industry and provide services to help exploited people leave the industry. In addition to citywide strategies, the mayors also called on the federal government to quickly implement the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act (JVTA), which will direct much needed resources to help law enforcement target buyers and support victims. JVTA is the first comprehensive bill to address the domestic trafficking of American citizens, providing funding for survivor services, as well as new tools for law enforcement to investigate and prosecute trafficking crimes.The mayors also advocated demand reduction as a pragmatic, effective way to eliminate the sexual exploitation. Sex buyers drive the illegal, harmful enterprise and associated criminal and societal challenges, including drug addiction, street violence, and gangs, according to the resolution.Every day, sex buyers make the choice to perpetuate a deeply damaging industry that hurts vulnerable people and harms our communities, said Ziba Cranmer, Executive Director of Demand Abolition, a Massachusetts-based nonprofit working to reduce the demand for purchased sex. Holding buyers accountable for their choices while supporting survivors exploited by the industry is critical to the safety and well-being of individuals in cities across the city. Take away the buyers, and we take away the abuse.Mayor Walsh is among 11 mayors in a network launched in February called Cities Empowered Against Sexual Exploitation (CEASE). Catalyzed by Demand Abolition, these cities are committed to reducing the demand for buying sex in their communities by 20 percent within two years. Many cities have already implemented tactics to end demand for illegal commercial sexual exploitation and many mayors are focused on reducing this harmful industry locally and nationally.During the Conference, Mayor Walsh also sponsored a resolution equity in medical research, which builds off the 1993 National Institutes of Health (NIH) Revitalization Act, a law mandating that women and minorities be included in clinical trials funded by the NIH. This new resolution calls on the federal government and other funding agencies ensure that the design of clinical studies includes a consideration of the sex of the subject, adequate participation of women, including women from diverse racial and ethnic backgrounds, and the reporting of sex-stratified findings, and that medical device and pharmaceutical labeling should carry a disclaimer or warning label if clinical testing did not include adequate numbers of female subjects.Other resolutions sponsored by the Mayor focused on common-sense gun legislation, paid-parental leave policies, addressing the nations wealth gap and economic security and increasing Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) funding for underserved populations. For more information on the Annual Meeting or the resolutions sponsored by Mayor Walsh, please visit:usmayors.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston has been awarded first place in the 2015 City Livability Awards Program, which took place during The U.S. Conference of Mayors 83rd Annual Meeting in San Francisco.The 2015 City Livability Award recognized mayoral leadership in developing and implementing programs that improve the quality of life in Americas cities, focusing on the leadership, creativity and innovation demonstrated by mayors. This years winning cities were selected by former mayors from a pool of over 200 applicants.I am honored to receive this prestigious award on behalf of the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Were involving our youngest and brightest residents in local government, and empowering them to make positive changes in their neighborhoods?. ?I am proud we were able to ?challenge young people to ?think ??critically ?about how to spend taxpayer dollars in a way that better serves the people. This fosters a sense of responsibility and accountability? and they walk away knowing their voices matter.This is the 36th year in which cities have competed for the award, which is sponsored by the Conference of Mayors and Waste Management, Inc., the nations largest environmental solutions provider. Boston was recognized for its Youth Lead the Change Program, which aims to create a foundation of trust and collaboration between city officials and the youth in the surrounding community. The program, entirely youth-led, puts young people aged 12-25 in direct control over $1 million of the city budget. View video, here:https://vimeo.com/131215784.Over 1,550 youth participated in the 2014 program, and seven projects were funded, including park renovations, art wall construction, sidewalk improvements, and a skate park feasibility study. This year, over 2,500 youth participated in the program and voted on how funding should be allocated.""This is a process designed by and for young people, said Shari Davis, Director of the Citys Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. One big piece of Youth Lead the Changes success is creating real opportunities for youth participation. We were able to do that by meeting young people where they are, building relationships, and allowing them to be the experts that we know they are in spaces where they are safe and comfortable.""For more information about Youth Lead the Change and this years winning projects, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=20158.About The United States Conference of MayorsThe U.S. Conference of Mayors is the official nonpartisan organization of cities with populations of 30,000 or more. There are nearly 1,400 such cities in the country today, and each city is represented in the Conference by its chief elected official, the mayor. Like us on Facebook atfacebook.com/usmayors, or follow us on Twitter attwitter.com/usmayors."
"BOSTON Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston has been awarded first place in the 2015 City Livability Awards Program, which took place during The U.S. Conference of Mayors 83rd Annual Meeting in San Francisco.The 2015 City Livability Award recognized mayoral leadership in developing and implementing programs that improve the quality of life in Americas cities, focusing on the leadership, creativity and innovation demonstrated by mayors. This years winning cities were selected by former mayors from a pool of over 200 applicants.I am honored to receive this prestigious award on behalf of the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Were involving our youngest and brightest residents in local government, and empowering them to make positive changes in their neighborhoods. I am proud we were able to challenge young people to think critically about how to spend taxpayer dollars in a way that better serves the people. This fosters a sense of responsibility and accountability and they walk away knowing their voices matter.This is the 36th year in which cities have competed for the award, which is sponsored by the Conference of Mayors and Waste Management, Inc., the nations largest environmental solutions provider. Boston was recognized for its Youth Lead the Change Program, which aims to create a foundation of trust and collaboration between city officials and the youth in the surrounding community. The program, entirely youth-led, puts young people aged 12-25 in direct control over $1 million of the city budget. View video, here:https://vimeo.com/131215784.Over 1,550 youth participated in the 2014 program, and seven projects were funded, including park renovations, art wall construction, sidewalk improvements, and a skate park feasibility study. This year, over 2,500 youth participated in the program and voted on how funding should be allocated.""This is a process designed by and for young people, said Shari Davis, Director of the Citys Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. One big piece of Youth Lead the Changes success is creating real opportunities for youth participation. We were able to do that by meeting young people where they are, building relationships, and allowing them to be the experts that we know they are in spaces where they are safe and comfortable.""For more information about Youth Lead the Change and this years winning projects, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/news/Default.aspx?id=20158.About The United States Conference of MayorsThe U.S. Conference of Mayors is the official nonpartisan organization of cities with populations of 30,000 or more. There are nearly 1,400 such cities in the country today, and each city is represented in the Conference by its chief elected official, the mayor. Like us on Facebook atfacebook.com/usmayors, or follow us on Twitter attwitter.com/usmayors."
Today at the 83rd Annual Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Mayor Martin J. Walsh addressed mayors from across the country at the My Brothers Keeper Task Force Meeting to highlight Bostons efforts in addressing outcomes for Black and Latino men and boys. He was joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans. The task force was lead by co-chairs Mayors William Bell, Sr. of Birmingham, Ala., and Michael Nutter of Philadelphia.In May 2015, Mayor Walsh released Opportunity  Access  Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action, a collaborative action plan to increase pathways to opportunities. The recommendations report reflected three milestones adopted by Mayor Walsh and the My Brothers Keeper (MBK) Boston Advisory Committee as part of President Barack Obamas MBK Community Challenge: 1) graduating from high school ready for college and career 2) successfully entering the workforce and 3) reducing youth violence, and providing a second chance. To access the report, please visit:www.cityofboston.gov/mbk. Attached, please find Mayor Walshs remarks, as prepared for delivery.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Saturday, June 20, 2015 - Today at the 83rd Annual Conference of Mayors in San Francisco, Mayor Martin J. Walsh addressed mayors from across the country at the My Brothers Keeper Task Force Meeting to highlight Bostons efforts in addressing outcomes for Black and Latino men and boys. He was joined by Boston Police Commissioner William Evans. The task force was lead by co-chairs Mayors William Bell, Sr. of Birmingham, Ala., and Michael Nutter of Philadelphia.In May 2015, Mayor Walsh released Opportunity  Access  Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action, a collaborative action plan to increase pathways to opportunities. The recommendations report reflected three milestones adopted by Mayor Walsh and the My Brothers Keeper (MBK) Boston Advisory Committee as part of President Barack Obamas MBK Community Challenge:To access the report, please visit:www.cityofboston.gov/mbk. Attached, please find Mayor Walshs remarks, as prepared for delivery.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined mayors and elected officials from 34 communities to call for uniform and accessible reporting on broadband network performance. The letter, coordinated by Next Century Cities, was prompted by the findings of a recent Government Accountability Office (GAO) report, BROADBAND PERFORMANCE: Additional Actions Could Help FCC Evaluate its Efforts to Inform Consumers.Our residents deserve access to fast, affordable, and reliable Internet services, said Mayor Walsh. Consumers need access to clear, impartial information about the broadband services they buy, and the City needs tools to measure the quality of broadband services in Boston. The Government Accountability Office report highlighted the importance of standardized measurement for broadband network performance, and all should have to abide by its guidelines.Boston is a member of Next Century Cities, a city-to-city initiative founded to support communities and their elected leaders as they seek to ensure that all have access to fast, affordable, and reliable Internet.The GAO report offers an opportunity to assess how we measure network performance, said Deb Socia, Executive Director of Next Century Cities. If we are truly committed to ensuring access to fast, affordable, and reliable broadband Internet, we need to think seriously about how we measure speed, cost, and reliability, and how we communicate this information to consumers.In support of this effort to provide clarity and transparency in the provision of broadband services, Boston joined other member communities, including Syracuse, N.Y., New Haven, Conn., Roanoke, Va., and Hagerstown, Md., in writing the FCC, saying:Efforts to develop this core infrastructure are impeded when our citizens are unable to accurately gauge the quality and speed of their InternetAs broadband Internet becomes increasingly critical to the well-being of towns and cities across the country, being able to reliably measure and compare network performance will help to ensure that we, as elected leaders, are delivering the essential infrastructure our communities need."""
"BOSTON- Wednesday, June 17, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined mayors and elected officials from 34 communities to call for uniform and accessible reporting on broadband network performance. The letter, coordinated by Next Century Cities, was prompted by the findings of a recent Government Accountability Office (GAO) report, BROADBAND PERFORMANCE: Additional Actions Could Help FCC Evaluate its Efforts to Inform Consumers.Our residents deserve access to fast, affordable, and reliable Internet services, said Mayor Walsh. Consumers need access to clear, impartial information about the broadband services they buy, and the City needs tools to measure the quality of broadband services in Boston. The Government Accountability Office report highlighted the importance of standardized measurement for broadband network performance, and all should have to abide by its guidelines.Boston is a member of Next Century Cities, a city-to-city initiative founded to support communities and their elected leaders as they seek to ensure that all have access to fast, affordable, and reliable Internet.The GAO report offers an opportunity to assess how we measure network performance, said Deb Socia, Executive Director of Next Century Cities. If we are truly committed to ensuring access to fast, affordable, and reliable broadband Internet, we need to think seriously about how we measure speed, cost, and reliability, and how we communicate this information to consumers.In support of this effort to provide clarity and transparency in the provision of broadband services, Boston joined other member communities, including Syracuse, N.Y., New Haven, Conn., Roanoke, Va., and Hagerstown, Md., in writing the FCC, saying:Efforts to develop this core infrastructure are impeded when our citizens are unable to accurately gauge the quality and speed of their InternetAs broadband Internet becomes increasingly critical to the well-being of towns and cities across the country, being able to reliably measure and compare network performance will help to ensure that we, as elected leaders, are delivering the essential infrastructure our communities need."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined John Hancock President Craig Bromley, hundreds of Boston Public School (BPS) students, and corporate and civic leaders to announce a new initiative to stem youth violence and to kick off the annual MLK Summer Scholars teen jobs program.We must create opportunities to nurture at-risk young people as they enter the critical first years of adolescence, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud of our work with John Hancock, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Bostons YouthConnect programto give more of our young people the chance to embrace their future in a positive way.Stemming Youth ViolenceMayor Walsh announced a public/private partnership led by the Mayors Public Safety Initiative with John Hancock and Boys & Girls Club of Boston's Youth Connect program that is aimed at stemming youth violence by providing clinical case management and positive youth development opportunities for high-risk youth.""The Mayors Office of Public Safety Initiatives would like to thank John Hancock and Youth Connect for helping to support the Mayors vision of giving opportunity and access to all youth in particular the 11-14 year old population - too old for camp and too young for employment,"" said Dan Mulhern, Director of the Mayor's Office of Public Safety Initiatives. ""We recognize that Public Safety is multi-faceted and providing this opportunity is a part of that. Prevention efforts are key and this partnership will offer mentorship, a variety of support services and most importantly to empower and cultivate our future leaders.""The program, which will be funded by John Hancock, will serve approximately 50 at-risk males and females ranging from 11-14-years-old per year.The focus of the program will be to reduce risky behaviors to increase positive decision-making skills, while creating opportunities to increase self-awareness and confidence through the acquisition of leadership and work-readiness skills. The initiative is based off of the Summer of Opportunity program, which was first launched in 1994 as a unique public-private partnership between John Hancock, the Mayor of Boston and the Boston Police Department in response to the youth violence epidemic.Providing Meaningful Job Experience and Life Lessons for TeensThe Mayor also kicked off the eighth year of the companys MLK Summer Jobs Program, a major component of the Mayors Summer Jobs Program and the Citys efforts to employ Boston youth. John Hancocks MLK Summer Jobs Program employs more than 600 Boston teens annually.""John Hancock's MLK Summer Scholars Program understands the critical need for us, as business and community leaders, to take the lead in providing our City youth with meaningful opportunities, said Mayor Walsh. I am thankful for the collaborative efforts of all of our partners to shape the future of Boston in this way.""Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's youth. In conjunction with the Mayors Summer Jobs Program, John Hancock works in close partnership withThe Boston Globe, Boston University and Partners HealthCare to offer the unique MLK Summer Scholars program.Mayor Walsh addressed hundreds of teens at a kick-off event today at John Hancocks headquarters in South Boston. The event also included a motivational appearance by former Celtics player Dana Barros, who urged the participants to work hard and do their part to support their communities. Following the speaking program, the teens participated in an interactive exercise, engaging one-on-one with Barros, business and civic leaders, and each other.This summer, the $1 million plus program will employ more than 600 Scholars who will work at more than 70 non-profit agencies in neighborhoods throughout the City. Along with gaining valuable paid work experience, the Scholars also attend a series of life skills workshops. Todays kick-off served as the first workshop of the summer.John Hancock has long believed that it is critically important to our community and our business that young people gain meaningful employment skills at an early age,"" said Hancocks Bromley. We are pleased to continue working with our partners at the City, The Boston Globe, Boston University, and Partners HealthCare to offer this unique personal and professional leadership development program.""Young people are our future workforce, said David Torchiana, MD, President and CEO of Partners HealthCare. Our relationship with John Hancock and the MLK Scholars Program is exactly what we need to be doing  giving young people great educational and professional opportunities so that they are prepared to be our communitys next workforce.The Boston Globe is a proud supporter of the MLK Summer Scholars program which introduces Bostons corporate and non-profit community to a new generation of talented young Bostonians, said Linda Pizzuti Henry, Boston Globe Managing Director. These students are the city's future and summer jobs provide them an opportunity to learn effective job skills including problem solving, reliability, customer service and high-quality task completion  valuable work experience that will prepare these future leaders.""""There are few better investments we can make in our future than affording young people opportunities to work and learn as they develop skills essential to their academic and professional careers. MLK Summer Scholars performs a remarkable service providing these enriching experiences, and Boston University is proud to continue its support of this terrific program, said Jean Morrison, University Provost and Chief Academic Officer for Boston University.For more information on MLK Summer Scholars, please visitwww.mlksummerscholars.com. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Len Rodrguez to sign a letter of agreement to expand a partnership to strengthen citizenship education and awareness efforts. The agreement will remain in effect for three years. ""There could be no better time for this kind of effort,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Like so many places in our country, Boston is becoming more diverse, and this agreement will further the work being done by USCIS and our Office of New Bostonians, which is vitally important to our future."" USCIS is proud to partner with Mayor Walsh to provide immigrants with greater access to information and resources as they pursue the rights and responsibilities of U.S. citizenship here in 'The Cradle of Liberty', said Director Rodrguez. We look forward to working with the Mayors Office of New Bostonians and other city services in providing tools to help immigrants contribute to a thriving, welcoming and innovative Boston. Research shows that immigrants who have naturalized have more employment opportunities and higher incomes, and experience lower levels of poverty than non-citizens. Citizenship also deepens the sense of belonging in our communities, and helps immigrants become full and active members of society. In addition, citizenship allows for privileges, like voting in elections and traveling with a U.S. passport. Yet many immigrants in Boston have not become citizens, in many cases due to a lack of information about the naturalization process. The City's partnership with USCIS will help close that informational gap. Under the agreement, signed at City Hall today, the City of Boston and USCIS also plan to:Boston is USCIS sixth municipal partner, joining Los Angeles, Chicago, Nashville, Atlanta and New York City. Mayor Walsh had been a dedicated leader on immigration issues. Last month, Mayor Walsh joined Boston-area immigrants and local business leaders and advocates to discuss the economic and moral benefits of President Obamas executive action on immigration, and called on Congress to pass legislative reform without delay. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans (DAPA) will help an estimated five million immigrants and children of immigrants stay in the United States, continue contributing to our economy and create American jobs. In 2014, Mayor Walsh signed the Trust Act, which made clear that arrestees may not be held for federal immigration officials unless a criminal warrant has been issued by a judicial officer. The Mayor also hosted a naturalization oath ceremony at City Hall and application assistance clinics at five Boston Centers for Youth and Families Community Centers in 2014. OnSeptember 26, the City of Boston will celebrate Citizenship Day with an application assistance clinic at the Timilty Middle School in Roxbury. "
"BOSTONTuesday, June 16, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined John Hancock President Craig Bromley, hundreds of Boston Public School (BPS) students, and corporate and civic leaders to announce a new initiative to stem youth violence and to kick off the annual MLK Summer Scholars teen jobs program.We must create opportunities to nurture at-risk young people as they enter the critical first years of adolescence, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud of our work with John Hancock, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Bostons YouthConnect programto give more of our young people the chance to embrace their future in a positive way.Stemming Youth ViolenceMayor Walsh announced a public/private partnership led by the Mayors Public Safety Initiative with John Hancock and Boys & Girls Club of Boston's Youth Connect program that is aimed at stemming youth violence by providing clinical case management and positive youth development opportunities for high-risk youth.""The Mayors Office of Public Safety Initiatives would like to thank John Hancock and Youth Connect for helping to support the Mayors vision of giving opportunity and access to all youth in particular the 11-14 year old population - too old for camp and too young for employment,"" said Dan Mulhern, Director of the Mayor's Office of Public Safety Initiatives. ""We recognize that Public Safety is multi-faceted and providing this opportunity is a part of that. Prevention efforts are key and this partnership will offer mentorship, a variety of support services and most importantly to empower and cultivate our future leaders.""The program, which will be funded by John Hancock, will serve approximately 50 at-risk males and females ranging from 11-14-years-old per year.The focus of the program will be to reduce risky behaviors to increase positive decision-making skills, while creating opportunities to increase self-awareness and confidence through the acquisition of leadership and work-readiness skills. The initiative is based off of the Summer of Opportunity program, which was first launched in 1994 as a unique public-private partnership between John Hancock, the Mayor of Boston and the Boston Police Department in response to the youth violence epidemic.Providing Meaningful Job Experience and Life Lessons for TeensThe Mayor also kicked off the eighth year of the companys MLK Summer Jobs Program, a major component of the Mayors Summer Jobs Program and the Citys efforts to employ Boston youth. John Hancocks MLK Summer Jobs Program employs more than 600 Boston teens annually.""John Hancock's MLK Summer Scholars Program understands the critical need for us, as business and community leaders, to take the lead in providing our City youth with meaningful opportunities, said Mayor Walsh. I am thankful for the collaborative efforts of all of our partners to shape the future of Boston in this way.""Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's youth. In conjunction with the Mayors Summer Jobs Program, John Hancock works in close partnership withThe Boston Globe, Boston University and Partners HealthCare to offer the unique MLK Summer Scholars program.Mayor Walsh addressed hundreds of teens at a kick-off event today at John Hancocks headquarters in South Boston. The event also included a motivational appearance by former Celtics player Dana Barros, who urged the participants to work hard and do their part to support their communities. Following the speaking program, the teens participated in an interactive exercise, engaging one-on-one with Barros, business and civic leaders, and each other.This summer, the $1 million plus program will employ more than 600 Scholars who will work at more than 70 non-profit agencies in neighborhoods throughout the City. Along with gaining valuable paid work experience, the Scholars also attend a series of life skills workshops. Todays kick-off served as the first workshop of the summer.John Hancock has long believed that it is critically important to our community and our business that young people gain meaningful employment skills at an early age,"" said Hancocks Bromley. We are pleased to continue working with our partners at the City, The Boston Globe, Boston University, and Partners HealthCare to offer this unique personal and professional leadership development program.""Young people are our future workforce, said David Torchiana, MD, President and CEO of Partners HealthCare. Our relationship with John Hancock and the MLK Scholars Program is exactly what we need to be doing  giving young people great educational and professional opportunities so that they are prepared to be our communitys next workforce.The Boston Globe is a proud supporter of the MLK Summer Scholars program which introduces Bostons corporate and non-profit community to a new generation of talented young Bostonians, said Linda Pizzuti Henry, Boston Globe Managing Director. These students are the city's future and summer jobs provide them an opportunity to learn effective job skills including problem solving, reliability, customer service and high-quality task completion  valuable work experience that will prepare these future leaders.""""There are few better investments we can make in our future than affording young people opportunities to work and learn as they develop skills essential to their academic and professional careers. MLK Summer Scholars performs a remarkable service providing these enriching experiences, and Boston University is proud to continue its support of this terrific program, said Jean Morrison, University Provost and Chief Academic Officer for Boston University.For more information on MLK Summer Scholars, please visitwww.mlksummerscholars.com."
"BOSTON Tuesday, June 16, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director Len Rodrguez to sign a letter of agreement to expand a partnership to strengthen citizenship education and awareness efforts. The agreement will remain in effect for three years. ""There could be no better time for this kind of effort,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Like so many places in our country, Boston is becoming more diverse, and this agreement will further the work being done by USCIS and our Office of New Bostonians, which is vitally important to our future."" USCIS is proud to partner with Mayor Walsh to provide immigrants with greater access to information and resources as they pursue the rights and responsibilities of U.S. citizenship here in 'The Cradle of Liberty', said Director Rodrguez. We look forward to working with the Mayors Office of New Bostonians and other city services in providing tools to help immigrants contribute to a thriving, welcoming and innovative Boston. Research shows that immigrants who have naturalized have more employment opportunities and higher incomes, and experience lower levels of poverty than non-citizens. Citizenship also deepens the sense of belonging in our communities, and helps immigrants become full and active members of society. In addition, citizenship allows for privileges, like voting in elections and traveling with a U.S. passport. Yet many immigrants in Boston have not become citizens, in many cases due to a lack of information about the naturalization process. The City's partnership with USCIS will help close that informational gap. Under the agreement, signed at City Hall today, the City of Boston and USCIS also plan to:Boston is USCIS sixth municipal partner, joining Los Angeles, Chicago, Nashville, Atlanta and New York City. Mayor Walsh had been a dedicated leader on immigration issues. Last month, Mayor Walsh joined Boston-area immigrants and local business leaders and advocates to discuss the economic and moral benefits of President Obamas executive action on immigration, and called on Congress to pass legislative reform without delay. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans (DAPA) will help an estimated five million immigrants and children of immigrants stay in the United States, continue contributing to our economy and create American jobs. In 2014, Mayor Walsh signed the Trust Act, which made clear that arrestees may not be held for federal immigration officials unless a criminal warrant has been issued by a judicial officer. The Mayor also hosted a naturalization oath ceremony at City Hall and application assistance clinics at five Boston Centers for Youth and Families Community Centers in 2014. OnSeptember 26, the City of Boston will celebrate Citizenship Day with an application assistance clinic at the Timilty Middle School in Roxbury."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today recognized Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center as the two newest participants in the Greenovate Boston Mayors Carbon Cup. The recognition took place at the Green Ribbon Commission meeting, held this morning. The Mayors Carbon Cup recognizes the commitments of large organizations--hospitals, universities and commercial building portfolios--to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 35 percent by 2020.I thank Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center for joining the variety of organizations helping our City reach its climate goals, said Mayor Walsh. Carbon Cup participants and winners are setting exemplary efforts to demonstrate that achieving a vibrant and sustainable Boston is attainable.The Mayors Carbon Cup, launched in April 2014, has a total of six participants to date, which have collectively committed approximately 19.2 million square feet to a 35 percent greenhouse gas emission reduction.The new participants, Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center, have both committed to a 35 percent reduction in GHG emissions per square foot across 1.5 million square feet and 2.8 million square feet by 2020 respectively. Other Carbon Cup participants and winners are: Partners HealthCare-Brigham and Womens Hospital, Boston University, Harvard University (within Boston city limits) and Partners HealthCare-Massachusetts General Hospital.Boston is home to thousands of large buildings and institutions, and they present a great opportunity for a significant emissions reduction, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space.The Carbon Cup program strengthens the idea that, collectively, we can reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and achieve our targets.In order for the City of Boston to reach its citywide goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) by 25 percent by 2020, large building portfolios will need to lead by aiming for a higher GHG reduction target. Those pledging to the Carbon Cup commitment must enroll at least 1 million square feet and commit to a 35 percent reduction in GHG intensity. Pledges may choose 2005, or the next earliest available year with energy data, as a baseline. The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) establishes the reporting framework for easy participation in the Mayors Carbon Cup. Through BERDO, the City will track year-over-year progress towards each portfolios goal.The City of Boston welcomes new participants in the Cup. For more information, visithttp://www.greenovateboston.org/carbon_cup.About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fighting climate change in coordination with the CitysClimate Action Plan. Visithttp://www.greenribboncommission.orgfor details.About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details.
On the first official weekend of summer, the City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End, are opening for the season! These pools, along with 15 others that are open year-round, are operated by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency . The outdoor pools will remain open seven days a week from 11 a.m. to dusk (around 7 p.m.) until Labor Day. Also opening Saturday is the Citys first Family Friendly Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston. The beach will be open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on weekdays and 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. on weekends. All locations will have experienced, certified lifeguards on duty.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh is calling for ideas to create more pipelines to and improve post-high school graduation opportunities for Boston youth. This Request for Information (RFI) aims to identify effective programs and services that will increase access to higher education and training and would be funded through a Pay for Success model. The Office of the Chief of Education, along with the Boston Public Schools, have put forth efforts to improve outcomes for youth, including the High School Redesign effort and Success Boston.""Boston is bustling with young talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Not every single young persons pathway is the same. When I'm out in the neighborhoods, I hear their dreams, challenges and passions.Pay for Success is an innovative funding model that rigorously measures outcomes and ensures that Boston is funding what works and improving outcomes for our Citys young people. I want our young people to know how much they matter to Bostons future, and that theyre capable. Were in the business of providing opportunities however we can.""Pay for Success (PFS) is an innovative funding model that drives government resources toward social programs that prove effective at providing results to the people who need them most. PFS expands available funding for nonprofit service providers and tracks the effectiveness of programs over time to ensure funding is directed toward programs that succeed in measurably improving the lives of people most in need.PFS enables governments to draw in greater resources to tackle social problems by tapping private investments for the upfront costs of the programs. If, and only if, the program is successful in delivering services that improve the lives of the people it is meant to serve, the government repays those who made the original investment. If the program does not achieve its target results, the government entity does not repay those who made the original investment. This model ensures that taxpayer dollars are being spent only on programs that actually work.A PFS project includes five key partners: government, service provider(s), independent evaluator, funders and an intermediary.""Our goal in Boston is to help every young person earn a degree or certification that will support their life-long success, said Rahn Dorsey, Chief of Education for the City of Boston. The Pay For Success model represents a public policy innovation that could help us meet this goal. The Mayor's office is excited to partner with BPS and Third Sector Capital Partners to engage organizations across the city to identify powerful ideas that will lead to increased post-secondary completion for our young people.""We continue to develop support services to help our graduates gain greater access to college and successful careers, said John McDonough,Interim Superintendent of Boston Public Schools. Through this innovative approach, the city is showing it is committed to thinking creatively and boldly to find ways to save money and ensure our students achieve in life after they graduate from our schools.The RFI is currently open. The City of Boston and Boston Public Schools have partnered with Third Sector Capital Partners, Inc. to explore Pay for Success. As experts in innovative public-private financing strategies, Third Sector is an architect and builder of the nations most promising Pay for Success projects including the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and Cuyahoga County, Ohio.Third Sector is honored to partner with Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston and Boston Public Schools to improve outcomes and opportunities for our Citys youth, said John Grossman, Co-President of Third Sector Capital Partners, Inc. As a leader of Pay for Success across the US, we are excited to contribute our expertise here in our hometown.The key components of this Pay for Success Project are as follows:An RFI is a tool to surface new ideas and to better understand how external organizations respond to new opportunities. An RFI is for information and planning purposes only and does not result in a contract. Responding to an RFI does not serve as an advantage or disadvantage for an organization on any future procurement. It does help the City to better understand, however, the landscape of possibilities.The RFI can be accessed atwww.cityofboston.gov/mayor/. To respond to this RFI, submit a written response (10 pages maximum) topolicy@boston.gov, including a summary cover letter with the primary respondents contact information.or more information on this RFI, please submit questions topolicy@boston.gov. An informational session will be held on Monday, June 22nd, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. in Room 2-13 on the second floor of the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, 2300 Washington Street, Roxbury, MA 02119."
From businesses in the area, to a student on summer break, to a resident with a great idea, we hope to see ideas from everyone, said Mayor Walsh. This is truly an open opportunity for all to create a more welcoming and world class space for the public.  Through the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the City is searching for new and innovative ideas to activate City Hall Plaza. Individuals, local businesses, students and the general public are all encouraged to submit ideas. The City will review the submissions and will select events that will best enhance the use of the plaza. Those selected will get to use City Hall Plaza for free. If the event requires additional security, logistical support, insurance or permits, there may be associated costs. The City will accept applications throughJuly 3, 2015.  Guidelines for submissions include:The public is encouraged to use the hashtag #ReEventThePlaza to share ideas on social media. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh a Request for Ideas (RFI) about the use, redesign, and operations on City Hall Plaza. The request to re-imagine City Hall Plaza is an effort that seeks to re-envision the important public space, cultivating an environment that contributes to the vibrancy of downtown Boston and City Hall. The Mayors Office is actively reviewing responses, which will assist the City in understanding the current state of the marketplace with regards to the solicited information.  City Hall Plaza consists of over 200,000 square feet of contiguous, solid-surface open space in an L-shape that includes a stage on the north side. Daily foot traffic on the Plaza is estimated at 20,000 to 30,000 people per day. City Hall Plaza has hosted many successful events including several World Cup viewing events, the annual Boston Calling music festival, PRIDE, dozens of summer music concerts, flag raisings, bike races and more.  Mayor Walsh announced plans to re-envision City Hall Plaza during his 2015 State of the City Address speech in January. The Mayor hopes the plaza will be an inviting and attractive public space for residents and visitors and welcomes any ideas that further these goals, including leasing options, design improvements, curation ideas and public-private partnership strategies.
"BOSTON- Monday, June 15, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh is calling for ideas to create more pipelines to and improve post-high school graduation opportunities for Boston youth. This Request for Information (RFI) aims to identify effective programs and services that will increase access to higher education and training and would be funded through a Pay for Success model. The Office of the Chief of Education, along with the Boston Public Schools, have put forth efforts to improve outcomes for youth, including the High School Redesign effort and Success Boston.""Boston is bustling with young talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Not every single young persons pathway is the same. When I'm out in the neighborhoods, I hear their dreams, challenges and passions.Pay for Success is an innovative funding model that rigorously measures outcomes and ensures that Boston is funding what works and improving outcomes for our Citys young people. I want our young people to know how much they matter to Bostons future, and that theyre capable. Were in the business of providing opportunities however we can.""Pay for Success (PFS) is an innovative funding model that drives government resources toward social programs that prove effective at providing results to the people who need them most. PFS expands available funding for nonprofit service providers and tracks the effectiveness of programs over time to ensure funding is directed toward programs that succeed in measurably improving the lives of people most in need.PFS enables governments to draw in greater resources to tackle social problems by tapping private investments for the upfront costs of the programs. If, and only if, the program is successful in delivering services that improve the lives of the people it is meant to serve, the government repays those who made the original investment. If the program does not achieve its target results, the government entity does not repay those who made the original investment. This model ensures that taxpayer dollars are being spent only on programs that actually work.A PFS project includes five key partners: government, service provider(s), independent evaluator, funders and an intermediary.""Our goal in Boston is to help every young person earn a degree or certification that will support their life-long success, said Rahn Dorsey, Chief of Education for the City of Boston. The Pay For Success model represents a public policy innovation that could help us meet this goal. The Mayor's office is excited to partner with BPS and Third Sector Capital Partners to engage organizations across the city to identify powerful ideas that will lead to increased post-secondary completion for our young people.""We continue to develop support services to help our graduates gain greater access to college and successful careers, said John McDonough,Interim Superintendent of Boston Public Schools. Through this innovative approach, the city is showing it is committed to thinking creatively and boldly to find ways to save money and ensure our students achieve in life after they graduate from our schools.The RFI is currently open. The City of Boston and Boston Public Schools have partnered with Third Sector Capital Partners, Inc. to explore Pay for Success. As experts in innovative public-private financing strategies, Third Sector is an architect and builder of the nations most promising Pay for Success projects including the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and Cuyahoga County, Ohio.Third Sector is honored to partner with Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston and Boston Public Schools to improve outcomes and opportunities for our Citys youth, said John Grossman, Co-President of Third Sector Capital Partners, Inc. As a leader of Pay for Success across the US, we are excited to contribute our expertise here in our hometown.The key components of this Pay for Success Project are as follows:An RFI is a tool to surface new ideas and to better understand how external organizations respond to new opportunities. An RFI is for information and planning purposes only and does not result in a contract. Responding to an RFI does not serve as an advantage or disadvantage for an organization on any future procurement. It does help the City to better understand, however, the landscape of possibilities.The RFI can be accessed atwww.cityofboston.gov/mayor/. To respond to this RFI, submit a written response (10 pages maximum) topolicy@boston.gov, including a summary cover letter with the primary respondents contact information.For more information on this RFI, please submit questions topolicy@boston.gov. An informational session will be held on Monday, June 22nd, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. in Room 2-13 on the second floor of the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, 2300 Washington Street, Roxbury, MA 02119."
BOSTON - Monday, June 15, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today recognized Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center as the two newest participants in the Greenovate Boston Mayors Carbon Cup. The recognition took place at the Green Ribbon Commission meeting, held this morning. The Mayors Carbon Cup recognizes the commitments of large organizations--hospitals, universities and commercial building portfolios--to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 35 percent by 2020.I thank Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center for joining the variety of organizations helping our City reach its climate goals, said Mayor Walsh. Carbon Cup participants and winners are setting exemplary efforts to demonstrate that achieving a vibrant and sustainable Boston is attainable.The Mayors Carbon Cup, launched in April 2014, has a total of six participants to date, which have collectively committed approximately 19.2 million square feet to a 35 percent greenhouse gas emission reduction.The new participants, Boston Properties and Boston Medical Center, have both committed to a 35 percent reduction in GHG emissions per square foot across 1.5 million square feet and 2.8 million square feet by 2020 respectively. Other Carbon Cup participants and winners are: Partners HealthCare-Brigham and Womens Hospital, Boston University, Harvard University (within Boston city limits) and Partners HealthCare-Massachusetts General Hospital.Boston is home to thousands of large buildings and institutions, and they present a great opportunity for a significant emissions reduction, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space.The Carbon Cup program strengthens the idea that, collectively, we can reduce our greenhouse gas emissions and achieve our targets.In order for the City of Boston to reach its citywide goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) by 25 percent by 2020, large building portfolios will need to lead by aiming for a higher GHG reduction target. Those pledging to the Carbon Cup commitment must enroll at least 1 million square feet and commit to a 35 percent reduction in GHG intensity. Pledges may choose 2005, or the next earliest available year with energy data, as a baseline. The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) establishes the reporting framework for easy participation in the Mayors Carbon Cup. Through BERDO, the City will track year-over-year progress towards each portfolios goal.The City of Boston welcomes new participants in the Cup. For more information, visit http://www.greenovateboston.org/carbon_cup.About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fighting climate change in coordination with the CitysClimate Action Plan. Visithttp://www.greenribboncommission.orgfor details.About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visit http://greenovateboston.orgfor details.
Today, the Chair of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees, Jeffrey Rudman, announced his resignation after a meeting with Mayor Walsh, effective July 3, 2015.I want to thank Jeff Rudman for his service to the Boston Public Library, Mayor Walsh said. We are fortunate to be home to one of the countrys most renowned library systems and its important that we maintain the highest standard for the residents of Boston. Using the audit as a guide, I look forward to working with the Library to strengthen our programs and services, especially in the neighborhoods, and the availability and security of our assets.Im grateful for the opportunity to have served on the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees, and with such a thoughtful and engaging board, said Chair Rudman. The Boston Public Library has prospered under the leadership of President Amy Ryan and my fellow Trustees. The people of Boston must remember that the Boston Public Library is the greatest library system in the country.The Operational and Financial Assessment of BPL, the audit commissioned by Mayor Walsh, identifies opportunities for improvements to the library and its branches. Mayor Walsh will be inviting trustees and stakeholders of the BPL to meet with him to discuss thoughtful solutions to ongoing issues and outline priorities that will build the best future for the Boston Public Library. Link to the audit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/images_documents/bplassessment.pdfJeff Rudman was appointed to the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees by Mayor Thomas M. Menino in March 2004, and was appointed Chair of the Board of Trustees in May 2006. During his tenure he has led the Trustees and the Boston Public Library with great personal passion for the institution. In his role, his extensive knowledge of the law, and scholarly knowledge of the humanities reflected in his decision making and the librarys progress today.Rudman was paramount in guiding the BPL through the 2008 branch closing crisis, advocating for the expansion of access to the Central Library in Copley Square from six days to seven days, growing access to the librarys online collections, and overseeing the construction of three new neighborhood branch libraries in Mattapan, East Boston, and Grove Hall. Rudman has also been an extraordinary fiduciary supporter of the library, donating more than $750,000 during his tenure.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an executive order immediately establishing gender-neutral restrooms on the fifth floor of Boston City Hall, outside of the Mayors Office and City Council Chamber. Boston is among the first city halls to institute gender-neutral restrooms in New England.Today marks a historic moment in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Boston thrives on diversity, and is an inclusive city. This change will foster a safe and welcoming environment for employees and visitors, and will go a long way as we continue to work towards improving the lives of those who love and call Boston home.Gender neutral bathrooms benefit a variety of individuals who are not comfortable when accessing gender-specific bathrooms. Providing access to a private, non-gendered stall can reduce or eliminate this negative experience. Gender neutral bathrooms also benefit members of the disabled community or others who have personal attendants of a different gender. Parents or guardians with children of a different gender can also experience misunderstanding when accessing gender-specific bathrooms.This change will reduce and eliminate these unpleasant experiences, creating a positive effect for employees and visitors of City Hall.The Office of Neighborhood Services will continue to engage and support members of the LGBT, disability and gender-nonconforming communities by ensuring that they are aware of the gender neutral restrooms. The City of Bostons Property Management Department has created new signage, which will also be in braille, rendering the single restrooms gender neutral, and the restrooms are now open to everyone.Statements of Support:Mayor Walshs announcement today is an important step forward in the fight for equality, and I support his effort to accommodate transgender people at City Hall. My office has also put in place a robust policy that offers explicit protections against gender-identity discrimination to both our staff and members of the public who visit our office. For all of us who are employers in Massachusetts, a real commitment to preventing discrimination starts in our own workplaces, and I hope employers across the state will join in these efforts to promote equal treatment for all. I also hope the Legislature will pass the transgender accommodations bill this session. -Attorney General Maura Healey""As a staff member in the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities and a member of the LGBT community the creation of these restrooms allows for friends, family, colleagues, and allies to feel comfortable visiting City Hall and participating in City government."" -Jessica Doonan, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities""In addition to serving our LGBT members of the disability community, these restrooms allow for individuals with disabilities who require assistance of another person to use these facilities with ease."" -Commissioner Kristen McCosh, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities""These gender neutral bathrooms mark a welcoming and supportive space for City Hall employees and visitors to use the facility and feel safe regardless of gender expression or gender identity. I am proud and honored to work for a Mayor who has a strong desire in making our City Hall accommodating and accessible for everyone equally. Excited to continue working alongside all our local LGBT organizations and the great work they do on a daily basis for the community. What a fabulous announcement during this, the 45th anniversary of Boston Pride in our City!"" - Jullieanne Doherty, LGBT Liaison, Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services""Gender neutral bathrooms are important in providing a safe place for all people to use the facilities when needed without fear of harassment by others. Providing gender neutral bathrooms send the clear message that all people are valued and invited to take part in the community. - Ruben Hopwood, MDiv, PhD, Coordinator, Transgender Health Program, Fenway Health""Knowing the incredibly high rates of harassment and violence trans and gender non-conforming folks in my community face, installing a gender neutral restroom in City Hall is an important step forward for employees and visitors. Hopefully the precedent set by City Hall will encourage other government buildings to create accessible spaces for trans people, as well as continue the momentum here in Boston for additional protections under the law."" - Rylee Hollett, Jamaica Plain Resident""Boston Pride is #WickedProud of Mayor Walsh's taking the bold step to make bathrooms gender-neutral at City Hall. Not only is this a huge step forward toward full inclusion, respect, and understanding of trans* members of our community, but it is also a genuine opportunity to educate the public at large as to how we can all be welcoming of transgender people. We applaud Mayor Walsh's decision, which reflects great leadership and places Boston at the forefront of equality worldwide."" - Sylvain Bruni, President of Boston PrideBoston is well known as The Cradle of Liberty, and for nearly 400 years Boston has led the way in providing equal human rights for all of its citizens. Over 5 years ago, on May 5, 2010, The Boston City Council passed a Unanimous Resolution In Support of An Act Relative to Gender-Based Discrimination and Hate Crimes (S. 1687/H.1728). Because the Massachusetts Legislature has still not passed this important Human Rights Bill, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh is today taking a very courageous and important action by making two restrooms in Boston City Hall Transgender Inclusive. This is a major step forward in providing Equal Human Rights for Transgender people. Mayor Walsh is sending the strongest possible message to the Massachusetts Legislature to pass the Public Accommodations Bill in 2015. On behalf of all Transgender people in Massachusetts I thank Mayor Marty Walsh for his outstanding leadership.- Erica Kay Webster, Founder, CEO and President, Foundation For International Justice, Inc., CEO and Executive Director, Promise Place School""Greater Boston PFLAG wants to honor and thank Mayor Walsh and his team for making Boston City Hall a more welcoming place for transgender and gender non-confirming individuals. As an organization, Greater Boston PFLAG works to help environments be welcoming, affirming, and safe for LGBTQ people and we are proud of Boston City Hall for taking this important step. There is still a lot of work to be done---currently transgender people in Massachusetts don't have their freedoms legally protected in public spaces. We value public safety for everyone, and for this reason we are also working to pass legislation that protects transgender people in public spaces throughout our state."" - Tom Bourdon, Executive Director, Greater Boston PFLAGBased on the results from our 2013 transgender health and discrimination needs assessment of Massachusetts adults, we found that the majority (65 percent) had experienced some form of discrimination in public settings within the prior year. A 2011 national survey data suggest the majority (70 percent) of U.S. transgender people sampled experienced verbal harassment, assault, or were denied access to public restrooms. Furthermore both studies found associations between experiencing discrimination and negative health outcomes, so the Mayor's Office is taking an incredibly responsible step in protecting transgender people from violence as well as supporting the health of transgender communities. -Emilia Dunham, Project Manager, The Fenway Institute of the Life Skills Project""We appreciate Mayor Walsh's continued efforts to make Boston a welcoming city for all. The need for this executive order is a reminder that in Massachusetts it's legal to discriminate against transgender people in public accommodations, which are restaurants, hotels, the MBTA and all the other places where we spend our days when we're not at home, work or school. We urge the legislature to pass pending legislation that would outlaw this discrimination statewide. While public spaces are so much more than restrooms, and while pending legislation would not require businesses to reconfigure their restrooms. We applaud Mayor Walsh for going beyond basic nondiscrimination protections to create a safe and welcoming City Hall for all."" - Mason Dunn, Executive Director, Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the release of a new tool to to help residents navigate Bostons zoning code. The new tool,Boston Zoning Checkallows business owners to see where specific uses are allowed by the zoning code. The zoning code is currently three volumes and over 3,000 pages long. By answering a few questions, users can make an initial determination regarding where in the City they are permitted to open a new business or expand an existing one.The Mayor made the announcement at Thursdays roundtable discussion on streamlining small business and startup services with U.S. Small Business Administration Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet.We should be encouraging our residents with great ideas to focus on building their businesses, not being burdened with understanding municipal code says Mayor Walsh. This new tool will help make the process of starting a business in the City one step easier.This new tool is part of series of actions Mayor Walsh has taken to ease the pathway for small businesses in the City:Boston Zoning Check is one part of the Mayors overall goal of simplifying the relationship between business owners and government through technology. More information on the Citys efforts to improve its online permitting experience can be found atpermits.boston.gov.
BOSTON - Thursday, June 11, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the release of a new tool to to help residents navigate Bostons zoning code. The new tool,Boston Zoning Checkallows business owners to see where specific uses are allowed by the zoning code. The zoning code is currently three volumes and over 3,000 pages long. By answering a few questions, users can make an initial determination regarding where in the City they are permitted to open a new business or expand an existing one.The Mayor made the announcement at Thursdays roundtable discussion on streamlining small business and startup services with U.S. Small Business Administration Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet.We should be encouraging our residents with great ideas to focus on building their businesses, not being burdened with understanding municipal code says Mayor Walsh. This new tool will help make the process of starting a business in the City one step easier.This new tool is part of series of actions Mayor Walsh has taken to ease the pathway for small businesses in the City:
"BOSTON - Thursday, June 11, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an executive order immediately establishing gender-neutral restrooms on the fifth floor of Boston City Hall, outside of the Mayors Office and City Council Chamber. Boston is among the first city halls to institute gender-neutral restrooms in New England.Today marks a historic moment in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Boston thrives on diversity, and is an inclusive city. This change will foster a safe and welcoming environment for employees and visitors, and will go a long way as we continue to work towards improving the lives of those who love and call Boston home.Gender neutral bathrooms benefit a variety of individuals who are not comfortable when accessing gender-specific bathrooms. Providing access to a private, non-gendered stall can reduce or eliminate this negative experience. Gender neutral bathrooms also benefit members of the disabled community or others who have personal attendants of a different gender. Parents or guardians with children of a different gender can also experience misunderstanding when accessing gender-specific bathrooms.This change will reduce and eliminate these unpleasant experiences, creating a positive effect for employees and visitors of City Hall.The Office of Neighborhood Services will continue to engage and support members of the LGBT, disability and gender-nonconforming communities by ensuring that they are aware of the gender neutral restrooms. The City of Bostons Property Management Department has created new signage, which will also be in braille, rendering the single restrooms gender neutral, and the restrooms are now open to everyone.Statements of Support:Mayor Walshs announcement today is an important step forward in the fight for equality, and I support his effort to accommodate transgender people at City Hall. My office has also put in place a robust policy that offers explicit protections against gender-identity discrimination to both our staff and members of the public who visit our office. For all of us who are employers in Massachusetts, a real commitment to preventing discrimination starts in our own workplaces, and I hope employers across the state will join in these efforts to promote equal treatment for all. I also hope the Legislature will pass the transgender accommodations bill this session. -Attorney General Maura Healey""As a staff member in the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities and a member of the LGBT community the creation of these restrooms allows for friends, family, colleagues, and allies to feel comfortable visiting City Hall and participating in City government."" -Jessica Doonan, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities""In addition to serving our LGBT members of the disability community, these restrooms allow for individuals with disabilities who require assistance of another person to use these facilities with ease."" -Commissioner Kristen McCosh, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities""These gender neutral bathrooms mark a welcoming and supportive space for City Hall employees and visitors to use the facility and feel safe regardless of gender expression or gender identity. I am proud and honored to work for a Mayor who has a strong desire in making our City Hall accommodating and accessible for everyone equally. Excited to continue working alongside all our local LGBT organizations and the great work they do on a daily basis for the community. What a fabulous announcement during this, the 45th anniversary of Boston Pride in our City!"" - Jullieanne Doherty, LGBT Liaison, Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services""Gender neutral bathrooms are important in providing a safe place for all people to use the facilities when needed without fear of harassment by others. Providing gender neutral bathrooms send the clear message that all people are valued and invited to take part in the community. - Ruben Hopwood, MDiv, PhD, Coordinator, Transgender Health Program, Fenway Health""Knowing the incredibly high rates of harassment and violence trans and gender non-conforming folks in my community face, installing a gender neutral restroom in City Hall is an important step forward for employees and visitors. Hopefully the precedent set by City Hall will encourage other government buildings to create accessible spaces for trans people, as well as continue the momentum here in Boston for additional protections under the law."" - Rylee Hollett, Jamaica Plain Resident""Boston Pride is #WickedProud of Mayor Walsh's taking the bold step to make bathrooms gender-neutral at City Hall. Not only is this a huge step forward toward full inclusion, respect, and understanding of trans* members of our community, but it is also a genuine opportunity to educate the public at large as to how we can all be welcoming of transgender people. We applaud Mayor Walsh's decision, which reflects great leadership and places Boston at the forefront of equality worldwide."" - Sylvain Bruni, President of Boston PrideBoston is well known as The Cradle of Liberty, and for nearly 400 years Boston has led the way in providing equal human rights for all of its citizens. Over 5 years ago, on May 5, 2010, The Boston City Council passed a Unanimous Resolution In Support of An Act Relative to Gender-Based Discrimination and Hate Crimes (S. 1687/H.1728). Because the Massachusetts Legislature has still not passed this important Human Rights Bill, Boston Mayor Marty Walsh is today taking a very courageous and important action by making two restrooms in Boston City Hall Transgender Inclusive. This is a major step forward in providing Equal Human Rights for Transgender people. Mayor Walsh is sending the strongest possible message to the Massachusetts Legislature to pass the Public Accommodations Bill in 2015. On behalf of all Transgender people in Massachusetts I thank Mayor Marty Walsh for his outstanding leadership.- Erica Kay Webster, Founder, CEO and President, Foundation For International Justice, Inc., CEO and Executive Director, Promise Place School""Greater Boston PFLAG wants to honor and thank Mayor Walsh and his team for making Boston City Hall a more welcoming place for transgender and gender non-confirming individuals. As an organization, Greater Boston PFLAG works to help environments be welcoming, affirming, and safe for LGBTQ people and we are proud of Boston City Hall for taking this important step. There is still a lot of work to be done---currently transgender people in Massachusetts don't have their freedoms legally protected in public spaces. We value public safety for everyone, and for this reason we are also working to pass legislation that protects transgender people in public spaces throughout our state."" - Tom Bourdon, Executive Director, Greater Boston PFLAGBased on the results from our 2013 transgender health and discrimination needs assessment of Massachusetts adults, we found that the majority (65 percent) had experienced some form of discrimination in public settings within the prior year. A 2011 national survey data suggest the majority (70 percent) of U.S. transgender people sampled experienced verbal harassment, assault, or were denied access to public restrooms. Furthermore both studies found associations between experiencing discrimination and negative health outcomes, so the Mayor's Office is taking an incredibly responsible step in protecting transgender people from violence as well as supporting the health of transgender communities. -Emilia Dunham, Project Manager, The Fenway Institute of the Life Skills Project""We appreciate Mayor Walsh's continued efforts to make Boston a welcoming city for all. The need for this executive order is a reminder that in Massachusetts it's legal to discriminate against transgender people in public accommodations, which are restaurants, hotels, the MBTA and all the other places where we spend our days when we're not at home, work or school. We urge the legislature to pass pending legislation that would outlaw this discrimination statewide. While public spaces are so much more than restrooms, and while pending legislation would not require businesses to reconfigure their restrooms. We applaud Mayor Walsh for going beyond basic nondiscrimination protections to create a safe and welcoming City Hall for all."" - Mason Dunn, Executive Director, Massachusetts Transgender Political Coalition"
Boston Public Librarys 2015 Revolutionary IdeasLowell Lecture Seriesbegins June 11 and runs through October, featuring some of the most eminent authorities to explore social, political, cultural, and economic themes related to the American Revolutionary War era (1750-1800).The Lowell Lecture Series is an opportunity to hear experts perspectives on the founding of our country and to reflect upon the ways in which our predecessors changed the course of history through revolutionary ideas, said Beth Prindle, Manager of Exhibitions and Programming.The series accompanies the Norman B. Leventhal Map Centers gallery exhibitionWe Are One: Mapping Americas Road to American Independence, on view at the Central Library in Copley Square through November 29, and an expansive schedule of related programs, performances, and special events takes place in Boston Public Librarylocations across the city.For more information about the BPLsRevolutionary Bostonprograms, visitwww.bpl.org/revolution.The Lowell Lecture Series is generously sponsored by the Lowell Institute, established in 1836 with the specific mission of making great ideas accessible to all people, free of charge. All Lowell Lectures will be held at 6:00 p.m. in the Abbey Room at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Seating is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis. Video highlights of the lectures will be made available online.The complete schedule is available online atwww.bpl.org/lowell. Speakers appearing in the 2015 Lowell Lecture Series include:Thursday, June 11, at 6 p.m.Joseph J. Ellis onThe Quartet: Orchestrating the Second American RevolutionA leading scholar of American history,Joseph Ellisis the author of the Pulitzer Prize-winningFounding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generationand the National Book Award-winningAmerican Sphinx, a biography of Thomas Jefferson. In his latest workThe Quartet: Orchestrating the Second American Revolution, 1783-1789(2015), Ellis gives a gripping and dramatic portrait of the years between the end of the Revolution and the formation of the federal government, one of the most crucial and misconstrued periods in American history.. The triumph of the American Revolution was neither an ideological nor a political guarantee that the colonies would relinquish their independence and accept the creation of a federal government with power over their autonomy as states.The Quartetis the story of the second American founding and of the men most responsibleGeorge Washington, Alexander Hamilton, John Jay, and James Madison. A book sale and author signing follows this lecture.Tuesday, July 21, at 6 p.m.Cokie Roberts onFounding Mothers, Ladies of Liberty, and Capital DamesCokie Robertshas a lifetime of experience in Washington politics and a deep and abiding interest in the role women have played in American history. Her booksFounding Mothers(2004)andLadies of Liberty(2008) became instant bestsellers, and her most recent workCapital Dames: The Civil War and Women of Washington(2015) commemorates the achievements and legacies of remarkable women during that wrenching period. Ms. Roberts is a political commentator for ABC News, providing analysis for all network news programming, as well as for NPR. In her more than forty years in broadcasting, she has won countless awards, including three Emmys. In 2008, the Library of Congress named her a Living Legend. A book sale and author signing follows this lecture.Monday, October 5, at 6 p.m.Peter Barber onThe Colonies in Context: The Place of North America in King Georges World ViewPeter Barberserved as Head of Map Collections at the British Library from 2001 to 2015. He has a longstanding research interest in English monarchs and their maps, and he initiated the ongoing British Library project to re-catalogue and digitize King George IIIs Topographical Collection.In addition to research articles and contributions to scholarly works onmedieval world maps and the links between maps and government in early modern Europe, he has curated major exhibitions, acted as a consultant and presenter for television, and authored and edited several popular books on the history of maps.Wednesday, October 14, at 6 p.m.M. T. Anderson onA Revolution Within the Revolution: The African-American Struggle for FreedomAward-winning authorM. T. Andersonhas written stories for adults, picture books for children, adventure novels for young readers, and several books for older readers (both teens and adults). His highly praised Octavian Nothing saga is set in Boston during the American Revolution the first volume,The Pox Party,won the National Book Award for Young People's Literature in 2006 and both the first and second volumes of that two-part series were Printz Honor Books. Meticulously researched and presented in 18th-century prose, Andersons sweeping 900-page epic explores race, science, morality, and the darker facets of Americas quest for liberty. A book sale and author signing follows this lecture.Wednesday, October 28, at 6 p.m.Jane Kamensky onJohn Singleton Copley and the Sideways American RevolutionJane Kamenskyis Mary Ann Lippitt Professor of History at Brown University. Her major publications includeThe Exchange Artist: A Tale of High-Flying Speculation and Americas First Banking Collapse(2008) andGoverning the Tongue: The Politics of Speech in Early New England (1997). She is also the author of the historical novelBlindspot, written jointly with Jill Lepore (2008). With Edward G. Gray, she edited theOxford Handbook of the American Revolution(2012). Kamenskys next book,Copley: A Life in Color,a history of painting and politics in the age of revolution centered on the life of John Singleton Copley, will be published in 2016.About the BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department today revealed a newly renovated street hockey facility at Garvey Park in Dorchester. The state-of-the-art facility, named for John and Ann OSullivan, the late parents of the well-known Neponset hockey family, was made possible through funding from The Coca-Cola Company and a partnership with the National Recreation and Park Association.Improvements to the rink include a new design, new boards to enclose the rink, bench and bleacher repairs, seal coat for the court, new painting and fence repair. The restored rink will remain open to the public and will allow for additional permitted activity, including hockey clinics, tournaments and family fitness programs.These new renovations to the street hockey facility will benefit young athletes in Dorchester and other neighborhoods of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I thank our partners for their shared missions in creating a Boston that is healthy, innovative and thriving.To mark the opening of the new facility, OSullivan Hockey and the Boston Bruins will host a free youth hockey clinic. The community is invited to celebrate the park unveiling and enjoy family events tonight at a field day for all ages. Families can come out to play hockey on the new rink and enjoy field day activities, music and more. As members of the Boston community, Coca-Cola is committed to inspiring happiness in neighborhoods throughout the city, said Paul Herring, General Manager, Coca-Cola Refreshments. We believe in making a difference by refreshing parks and other spaces where neighbors and families gather. The restored Garvey Park street hockey rink demonstrates the positive impact we can make when working together with local government to achieve a common goal. The Leahy-Holloran Community Center currently runs youth programs at Garvey Park. The Boston Parks Department will continue these partnerships and will work with neighborhood community centers, Boys & Girls Clubs, Dorchester Youth Hockey and other community groups to enhance activity at Garvey Park.
Tomorrow, we'll be bringing a homemade Jenga set toTechJamon City Hall Plaza. If you're attending, come play at our table and tell us whatbetter aboston.govlooks like to you.While it's a fun game to play, we also see Jenga as a suitable metaphor for designing a website (stay with us here). We saw a similar metaphor in Twister, but there were some HR implications that forced us to pivot.Much like the initial set up of a Jenga tower, the grand reveal of a website often marks the beginning of its decline. Each hasty content addition, change in technology, or change in staff is a block removed and precariously placed on top of an increasingly unstable base. Without planning and oversight, this haphazard growth of a website makes it too easy for the tower - or user experience - to topple over and crash.Afterour first website's launchin 1996 (then atci.boston.ma.us)it would becelebrated as a cutting-edge toolfor city government. At the time, just having a government website was revolutionary. Today, the standards for digital engagement are much higher. It is not enough to simply stack the blocks evenlyand hope for the best. We're changing the way we approach digital tools andquestioning our own assumptions about how the blocks are stackedso that boston.govcan grow wiselyand evolve efficiently as new use cases and technologiesarise.
BOSTON - Wednesday, June 10, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department today revealed a newly renovated street hockey facility at Garvey Park in Dorchester. The state-of-the-art facility, named for John and Ann OSullivan, the late parents of the well-known Neponset hockey family, was made possible through funding from The Coca-Cola Company and a partnership with the National Recreation and Park Association.Improvements to the rink include a new design, new boards to enclose the rink, bench and bleacher repairs, seal coat for the court, new painting and fence repair. The restored rink will remain open to the public and will allow for additional permitted activity, including hockey clinics, tournaments and family fitness programs.These new renovations to the street hockey facility will benefit young athletes in Dorchester and other neighborhoods of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I thank our partners for their shared missions in creating a Boston that is healthy, innovative and thriving.To mark the opening of the new facility, OSullivan Hockey and the Boston Bruins will host a free youth hockey clinic. The community is invited to celebrate the park unveiling and enjoy family events tonight at a field day for all ages. Families can come out to play hockey on the new rink and enjoy field day activities, music and more. As members of the Boston community, Coca-Cola is committed to inspiring happiness in neighborhoods throughout the city, said Paul Herring, General Manager, Coca-Cola Refreshments. We believe in making a difference by refreshing parks and other spaces where neighbors and families gather. The restored Garvey Park street hockey rink demonstrates the positive impact we can make when working together with local government to achieve a common goal. The Leahy-Holloran Community Center currently runs youth programs at Garvey Park. The Boston Parks Department will continue these partnerships and will work with neighborhood community centers, Boys & Girls Clubs, Dorchester Youth Hockey and other community groups to enhance activity at Garvey Park.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh on Tuesday announced the winning projects of the Youth Participatory Budgeting Vote. This years vote, in which young Bostonians ages 12-25 decided how to allocate $1 million of the City of Boston Capital Budget, is the second time the City has engaged young residents in the budgetary process, and is the first initiative of its kind in the nation.Were involving our youngest and brightest residents in local government, and empowering them to make positive changes in their neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud we were able to continue the process, building on last years achievements and enable young people to critically think about how to spend taxpayer dollars in a way that better serves the people. This fosters a sense of responsibility and accountability. They walk away knowing their voices matter.Voters were able to select up to four projects on the ballot. Projects were divided into the following categories:The projected selected for funding were: expanding the Hubway bicycle system expanding the Citys Wicked Free Wi-Fi system installing water bottle refill systems at City parks and renovations to Boston Latin Academys gymnasium.Young people from across the City were instructed by the Mayors Youth Council and other supportive partners on how to create guidelines from the voting process and develop a ballot, which included 10 projects.""This is a process designed by and for young people, said Shari Davis, Director of the Citys Department of Youth Engagement and Employment. One big piece of Youth Lead the Changes success is creating real opportunities for youth participation. We were able to do that by meeting young people where they are, building relationships, and allowing them to be the experts that we know they are in spaces where they are safe and comfortable.""Voting polls were stationed at local train stations, youth centers and school buildings slated for the city-wide vote. Over 2,500 eligible votes came in from Bostons youngest populations.Last year, young people voted to fund seven winning projects that enhanced community parks, installed security cameras, granted Boston Public Schools Chromebooks and funded a skateboard feasibility study.""I've learned a lot! I used to take some of these amenities for granted - like WiFi at school, or different features at parks - but now I know how much thought and work goes into making these things happen, said Adonis Pitts, a member of the Mayors Youth Council. Spending a million dollars is a lot of fun, but it's a lot of work, too.""Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is carried out by the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment, in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of 26 community and youth serving organizations. The Participatory Budgeting Project facilitates the implementation of participatory budgeting nationwide, and works closely with Youth Lead the Change.""Youth Lead the Change is the nation's best example of true collaboration between young people and city administration,"" said Pam Jennings of the Participatory Budgeting Project, a nonprofit leading the development of Participatory Budgeting in North America. ""Participatory Budgeting empowers our young leaders to understand how government works while giving them the tools to make informed decisions. We are excited to spread the innovations introduced by Youth Lead the Change, to make democracy better for communities around the world.""""Our mission is to scale up collaboration and decision-making. We envision an era in which large communities can deliberate and brainstorm with one another on important issues with the aid of intelligently designed algorithms and digital communication platforms, said Ashish Goel, Professor at Stanford University, who leads theStanford Crowdsourced Democracy Team, which developed the digital voting tool used for voting. We are fortunate to partner with the Boston School District. The forward thinking, the willingness to innovate, and the commitment to inclusive democracy that we see from the city and the district has been a great motivator for our team."" The winning projects are as follows:Hubway ExtensionsCost Estimation: $101,600Hubway, a bicycle sharing transportation system in Boston, helps to provide additional commuting options to local residents. The additional funding will:Wicked Free Wifi 2.0Cost Estimation: $119,000Mayor Walsh and the City of Bostons Department of Innovation Technology (DoIT) launched the Citys free Public Wi-Fi in April of 2014. Wicked Free Wi-Fi is available at more than 170 access points within the public wireless network, and this investment aims to increase the number of users across Bostons neighborhoods. This project will:Water Bottle Refill Stations at ParksCost Estimation: $260,000Designated refill stations will help encourage the use of reusable water bottles and reduce negative environmental impacts on Bostons parks system. This project will:Boston Latin Academy Gym RenovationsCost Estimation: $475,000The Boston Latin Academy (BLA) gymnasium is intended to serve thousands of BLA students and members of the local community. The gym serves as a safe space for students, and promotes a healthy and active lifestyle within the community. This funding will:Youth Lead the Change will launch its third year in September with a call for steering committee members. To learn more about Youth Lead the Change, visityouth.boston.govor contact the Department of Youth Engagement and Employment at617-635-4202."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals for consulting services to support Imagine Boston 2030, an effort to create Bostons first citywide plan in fifty years. The RFP calls for a lead consultant as well as public outreach and communications services. The ideal respondent will have experience managing citywide planning projects, including expertise in land use, urban design and comprehensive urban planning. A communications consultant will be tasked with advising on the extensive public engagement and outreach process that will take place over the next two years with residents and community members across the City of Boston.This is the first step in a multi-year process of reimaging Boston and engaging with all residents across the City, said Mayor Walsh. Boston isa thriving, healthy and innovative city that can only get better.Through this RFP, we want to establish a partnership that will make work with the city and residents to make Boston stronger, more equitable and more accessible for all.""The RFP accurately reflects the multitude of planning efforts that are currently underway across city departments. The citywide plan generated through Imagine Boston will cover issues related to mobility, housing, land use, prosperity and equity, environment and adaptation, parks and open space, arts and culture, and public health.Working with subject area experts, the lead consultant will coordinate the diverse, multi-disciplinary team spearheading Imagine Boston. The lead consultant will help the City of Boston define in greater detail the approach, scope and content required for a successful citywide plan. Drawing from experience supporting citywide planning efforts in other locales, the consultant is expected to bring energy, creativity and a breadth of knowledge to engage community members in envisioning the future of Boston while helping City staff meet planning milestones. The lead consultant will also be responsible for supporting the online presence for Imagine Boston. The RFP is deliberately open-ended with regard to specific tasks for the consultant so as to encourage a wide variety of approaches to accomplishing the goals described.Mayor Walsh has challenged both citizens and city employees to embrace creative public engagement strategies that go beyond traditional community meetings. The outreach consultant will work with the Mayors Office, particularly the Chief of Civic Engagement, the Chief of Economic Development, the BRA and other City departments to reach constituents that would not ordinarily attend traditional community meetings. Hearing from non-English speaking populations, economically disadvantaged residents and young Bostonians will be a special priority. The Imagine Boston team hopes to break the mold of traditional neighborhood-focused meetings and plans by fostering a citywide conversation about Boston as a whole, not individualized among neighborhoods.Before launching an outreach strategy, the City has already begun reaching out to residents to hear how they would like to participate in Imagine Boston 2030. Residents are asked to fill out a shortsurvey, which will help the City and its consultant craft strategies for engagement throughout this process.The successful bidder may be a single firm or a lead consultant with one or more firms as sub-consultants. The City of Boston expects that additional consultants will eventually be added to the Imagine Boston team to address specific subject areas that are outside the expertise of the lead consultant.Mayor Walshlaunched Imagine Boston 2030last month in a speech delivered at Faneuil Hall as part of the Innovative Design Alternatives Summit. Starting with an evaluation of baseline conditions, the City expects to begin a robust public visioning process this fall where community members will be able to contribute ideas to shape Bostons future. A final citywide plan is expected to be adopted in Summer 2017. For more information on the RFP, clickhere."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of POP Allston, a temporary pop up community space at 89 Brighton Avenue in Allston Village. POP Allston will feature a nearly 10,000 square foot free indoor skatepark, a weekly multi-vendor vintage market, pop up DIY bicycle repair workshops and nearly 5,000 square feet of flexible space that will be programmed with additional community uses. POP Allston was created through a collaboration of Allston Village Main Streets, Commonwheels Bicycle Co-Op, Orchard Skateshop, Vivant Vintage, the City of Boston and the building owner, Eden Properties.The City of Boston worked collaboratively with our local partners to help transition this vision into a reality, said Mayor Walsh. Through innovative new ventures like POP Allston, we can work together to create a more vibrant and engaging community.One of the anchors of POP Allston will be the Orchard Conservatory Skatepark. Conservatory will be one of the first, free to the public indoor skateparks in the world, and it will be open for regular hours in the summer, winter and spring. Conservatory will be spread across the 2nd and 3rd floors of the building, nearly 10,000 square feet, with varying and unique terrain on each floor. The second floor will be constructed in a Plaza style, using sustainable materials that can be relocated to another public skate space after POP Allston's life cycle comes to an end. The third floor of Conservatory will be constructed in a DIY style featuring concrete transitional elements.Orchard Skate Shop will design Conservatory along with long-time brand partner, Converse. Once the park is open, Orchard will manage, maintain and use the space as a home for their skateboarding camps and lessons.POP Allston will also be the home of a weekly multi-vendor vintage market called Oliver Best Markets. The Market will boast a wide variety of vintage retailers specializing in records, apparel, home decor and more. Oliver Best Markets was founded by Justin E. Pomerleau owner ofVivant Vintage. Pomerleau is also known for his role in foundingLe Pants KingandThe Traveling Spectacular.CommonWheels Bicycle Co-op, an Allston based non-profit organization that works to empower people to use the bicycle to enhance their lives, will also reside at POP Allston. CommonWheels will provide free skill-sharing workshops, tools and guidance, multilingual resources, gathering space for social rides and build the bicycling community in Allston.POP Allston will be managed and curated by Allston Village Main Streets. Allston Village Main Streets is a non profit community organization and part of the City of Bostons Boston Main Streets Program. For nearly 20 years, Allston Village Main Streets has been working to make Allston Village a better place to live, work, dine, shop and own a business. They are known for hosting large community events like the Taste of Allston, as well as managing the weekly Outdoor Market at Allston Village. In addition Allston Village Main Streets funds public art projects, supports small business development and advocates for a safe and accessible Allston Village.We are so grateful to all of our partners, for helping to bring this creative vision into an innovative reality, said Alana Olsen, Executive Director of Allston Village Main Streets. POP Allston will be a vibrant space for the Allston Community to come together and enjoy. We are especially grateful to Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston for their strong support of this project.POP Allston is made possible through the generous support of Eden Properties, Prince Lobel LLP, the Boston Main Streets Foundation and Converse. Eden Properties, the owner of 89 Brighton Avenue has granted free use of the building to AVMS, and made this entire project possible.
BOSTON Monday, June 8, 2015- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of POP Allston, a temporary pop up community space at 89 Brighton Avenue in Allston Village. POP Allston will feature a nearly 10,000 square foot free indoor skatepark, a weekly multi-vendor vintage market, pop up DIY bicycle repair workshops and nearly 5,000 square feet of flexible space that will be programmed with additional community uses. POP Allston was created through a collaboration of Allston Village Main Streets, Commonwheels Bicycle Co-Op, Orchard Skateshop, Vivant Vintage, the City of Boston and the building owner, Eden Properties.The City of Boston worked collaboratively with our local partners to help transition this vision into a reality, said Mayor Walsh. Through innovative new ventures like POP Allston, we can work together to create a more vibrant and engaging community.One of the anchors of POP Allston will be the Orchard Conservatory Skatepark. Conservatory will be one of the first, free to the public indoor skateparks in the world, and it will be open for regular hours in the summer, winter and spring. Conservatory will be spread across the 2nd and 3rd floors of the building, nearly 10,000 square feet, with varying and unique terrain on each floor. The second floor will be constructed in a Plaza style, using sustainable materials that can be relocated to another public skate space after POP Allston's life cycle comes to an end. The third floor of Conservatory will be constructed in a DIY style featuring concrete transitional elements.Orchard Skate Shop will design Conservatory along with long-time brand partner, Converse. Once the park is open, Orchard will manage, maintain and use the space as a home for their skateboarding camps and lessons.POP Allston will also be the home of a weekly multi-vendor vintage market called Oliver Best Markets. The Market will boast a wide variety of vintage retailers specializing in records, apparel, home decor and more. Oliver Best Markets was founded by Justin E. Pomerleau owner ofVivant Vintage. Pomerleau is also known for his role in foundingLe Pants KingandThe Traveling Spectacular.CommonWheels Bicycle Co-op, an Allston based non-profit organization that works to empower people to use the bicycle to enhance their lives, will also reside at POP Allston. CommonWheels will provide free skill-sharing workshops, tools and guidance, multilingual resources, gathering space for social rides and build the bicycling community in Allston.POP Allston will be managed and curated by Allston Village Main Streets. Allston Village Main Streets is a non profit community organization and part of the City of Bostons Boston Main Streets Program. For nearly 20 years, Allston Village Main Streets has been working to make Allston Village a better place to live, work, dine, shop and own a business. They are known for hosting large community events like the Taste of Allston, as well as managing the weekly Outdoor Market at Allston Village. In addition Allston Village Main Streets funds public art projects, supports small business development and advocates for a safe and accessible Allston Village.We are so grateful to all of our partners, for helping to bring this creative vision into an innovative reality, said Alana Olsen, Executive Director of Allston Village Main Streets. POP Allston will be a vibrant space for the Allston Community to come together and enjoy. We are especially grateful to Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston for their strong support of this project.POP Allston is made possible through the generous support of Eden Properties, Prince Lobel LLP, the Boston Main Streets Foundation and Converse. Eden Properties, the owner of 89 Brighton Avenue has granted free use of the building to AVMS, and made this entire project possible.
BOSTON  Saturday, June 6, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted the Greenovate Boston Community Summit, which brought together residents, businesses, government officials and community organizations to celebrate Bostons sustainability movement. Now in its second year, the Summit focused on how these groups can work together to implement the Climate Action Plan Update released earlier this year.The Community Summit is an exciting opportunity, not only to celebrate Bostons sustainability accomplishments to date, but also to look forward at future challenges and how everyone of us can play a role in preparing our City for this changing climate, said Mayor Walsh. By working together, we can make Boston the most sustainable and climate-resilient city in the country.As part of the Summit, Mayor Walsh presented winners of the 2015 Greenovate Boston Awards and the Boston Public Schools Recycling Competition.The Greenovate Boston Awards, now in their ninth year, recognize sustainability leadership across Boston in businesses, community organizations, non-profits, residents, and institutions. And the 2015 Greenovate Boston Award winners are:Local Business Leaders:Community Leaderships:The Boston Public Schools Race to Recycle competition is a three week recycling program that encourages recycling among BPS students and staff. By recycling materials from the classroom and cafeteria in a single stream, Boston schools hope to educate the community about the importance of recycling, decreasing the Citys greenhouse gas emission, and saving valuable natural resources. This years winners are: Curley K-8 for having the highest recycling diversion rate and biggest increase in recycling diversion rate over the 3-week competition and Boston Green Academy for having the best recycle education plan to engage their students and staff on reduce, reuse and recycle.These awards celebrate local leaders who have made sustainability a priority, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. We are grateful for their leadership and commitment in making Boston a greener and healthier place to work and live.The day-long Summit featured keynote speakers including Dean Cycon, founder of Deans Beans and Andy Brooks, founder of Bootstrap Compost, and a variety of interactive workshops, including two submitted and voted for by members of the Boston community. For the full agenda of the Summit, visitSummit.GreenovateBoston.org.In January, Mayor Walsh released the Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update, taking steps to prepare the City of Boston for the impacts of climate change and celebrating the Citys progress towards reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details.
"Boston - Friday, June 5, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined elected officials, community leaders and members of the public to kick off Pride week in Boston.This year's theme is ""Wicked Proud,"" celebrating Pride's 45th anniversary in the City.""I am proud of how much this City has accomplished over the past 45 years,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We continue to become a more accepting and open community, which only makes the City of Boston stronger.""During the flag raising ceremony, Mayor Walsh presented a proclamation to Sylvain Bruni, President of the Boston Pride Board of Directors. Pride Boston also honored the memory of the late former Mayor Thomas M. Menino as an Honorary Marshall, and a family member accepted the honor on behalf of the Menino family.""Boston Pride is #WickedProud to celebrate its 45th Anniversary with the largest celebration we have ever organized: 50+ events during the 10 days of Pride Week is unprecedented!"" said Bruni. ""We hope all members of the LGBT community and our allies will come out, so to speak, and celebrate our rich diversity.""Pride Boston 2015 begins on Friday, June 5 with the flag raising ceremony, and ends on Sunday, June 14. The annual Pride Parade will be held on Saturday, June 13. Throughout the week, Mayor Walsh will participate in events celebrating the inclusive nature of the City. Visitbostonpride.orgfor more information on all the events taking place during Boston Pride Week."
Today, the Boston Public Library announced that two missing pieces of artwork from the librarys 200,000 item Print Collection have been found. The missing Drer and Rembrandt prints had been misfiled and were located by Conservation Officer Lauren Schott during an 8 week search of the BPLs print stacks.Were thrilled to have found these treasures right here at home, said Library President Amy Ryan. They were found safe and sound, simply misfiled. BPL is still committed to enhanced security and a full inventory, but today is a day of celebration for the entire team at BPL. The staff couldnt be happier after hundreds of hours of searching. I want to thank the FBI, Boston Police Department, and US Attorneys Office for their work throughout this period.I was shocked to find the two prints, but it really was just luck of the draw. Anyone of the team thats been looking for the Drer and Rembrandt could have found them, said Conservation Officer Lauren Schott.The Rembrandt and Drer were found together in Row 14B, Bay 3 on Shelf 2, approximately 80 feet from where the items should have been filed. Fourteen staff members searched 180,000 of the print stacks 320,000 items (including 200,000 prints and drawings in the Print Collection and 120,000 chromolithographs), totaling 38 rows of the 60 rows of print stacks, or about 60% of the inventory. Nine offices, work rooms, and reading rooms had also been searched. The Drer and Rembrandt have been refiled.Specific information regarding the Drer and Rembrandt prints:The Rembrandt is part of the Wiggin Collection gift of 1941, and the AlbrechtDrer is part of the Leo M. Friedman estate received in 1958.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Today I am announcing my resignation, effectiveJuly 3, 2015. I am choosing to step aside at this time to allow the work of the Boston Public Library to continue without distraction.It has been a tremendous honor to serve as President of the Boston Public Library. Together with our library team and the people of Boston, we can be proud of our daily dedication to public service new and revitalized libraries in Mattapan, Dorchester, East Boston, and Copley Square a community-driven plan for the future, our Compass leadership in digital services and our preeminent collections of distinction.I deeply appreciate the support shown to me by the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees throughout my tenure. The Trustees are a committed and faithful group of leaders who embody the mission of a public library built by the people and dedicated to the advancement of learning.I believe as strongly in the mission of the Boston Public Library today as when I arrived from Minnesota nearly eight years ago. I am honored to have contributed to the success of a public library system that is truly free to all and unswervingly committed to serving people of all ages and from all walks of life throughout the City of Boston and the Commonwealth.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Today, Boston Public Library (BPL) President Amy E. Ryan announced action plans for the BPLs collection management and systemwide safety and security. The plans include an expanded and accelerated inventory and assessment of Special Collections with a focus on the most important and valuable, the transfer of 24,000 paper catalog cards to the electronic catalog over 12 months, and a completed comprehensive Systemwide Safety and Security Plan by the end of July 2015.President Ryan made the announcement at a special meeting of the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees at the Central Library in Copley Square. The meeting included an update on the ongoing investigations into two missing artworks, the recently released external Operational and Financial Assessment of BPL by Chrysalis Management, LLC, an overview of the librarys systemwide safety and security, and an overview of BPL collectionsmanagement.Collection Management Action PlanCollection Management BackgroundThe Boston Public Library has more than 23.5 million items in its collection and is one of the five largest research libraries in the United States. Its collections are internationally recognized as preeminent among other libraries and cultural institutions, with a collection second only to the Library of Congress in size.Six-percent of the collection is circulating, which includes childrens books, e-books, and best sellers 69% of the collection includes Research Collections, such as genealogy resources, scholarly journals, and company directories and 25% of the collection is Special Collections, including the Print Collection, first edition folios by William Shakespeare, original music scores from Mozart to Prokofievs ""Peter and the Wolf"" and, in its Rare Book collection, the personal library of John Adams.Sixty-eight percent, or more than 16 million items, of the librarys total collection is accessible through the online catalog. The rest is largely discoverable through card catalogs, print finding aids, micro fiche, and with the assistance of expert librarians.For its nearly 170-year history, the collecting philosophy of the Boston Public Library has been to acquire as much as possible. Before 2009 a priority had not been placed on cataloging or on access to those materials by the public. In the 1980s there were substantial financial resources and grants available to libraries across the U.S. to automate their collections and convert catalog cards into electronic records, however, the BPL did not take advantage of the financial resources at that time.Since 2005, the BPL has been working to digitize and make its collections available online. To date, over 150,000 objects from books to photographs have been digitized and are available to the public through the Internet Archive, Flickr, the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center, and Digital Commonwealth. These digitized objects have been viewed over 100 million times to date.In addition, since 2009 the Boston Public Library has: converted over 450,000 catalog cards to electronic records added five cataloging and digitization positions adopted a new collections strategy department to oversee all BPL collections adopted a new Collection Development Policy limiting gift acceptance, placing a higher emphasis on digitization and making more focused decisions on new acquisitions and completed the first year in a two-year project to assess, inventory, and develop an organizational structure for the entire Print Collection.Systemwide Safety and Security Action PlanSystemwide Safety and Security BackgroundThe Boston Public Library takes security both inside and outside its properties very seriously and continues to update and develop new security procedures and protocols as technology evolves.Since 2009, the BPL has implemented a range of security measures. In the Rare Books and Prints Departments measures such as glass break alarms, door contact alarms, motion sensors, user-specific access control key pads, and alarms that are connected to Municipal Protective Services and the Boston Police Department have been installed. In addition, locks to secure areas were rekeyed twice during this timeframe, and security cameras have been added at various locations across Central Library.The $78 million redesign of the Johnson building takes security concerns into account including better sight lines, the elimination of blind spots, the location of staff desks, the location of public seating areas, the locations and distribution of restrooms, etc., and the use of glass for increased visibility.In October 2014, the BPL hired a Manager of Systemwide Security, charged with updating and developing security policies and procedure across the library system. In addition, since early 2015, the BPL has been preparing a Systemwide Safety and Security Plan, addressing security systems and procedures already in place at the library, updates underway, and what can be implemented in the coming months. The final plan will be available at the end of July 2015.Following the discovery of the two missing artworks from the BPL Print Collection, changes were made to secure area access, including: the addition of a two-factor system preventing individuals from entering the secured area alone a two-person access requirement for opening and closing of the department new logging procedures for employees accessing secure materials a detailed register of materials being moved by staff locks in secure areas were changed access to secure areas was further restricted to a limited numbers of individuals an external consultant was hired for a security assessment of Print and related collections and additional security measure were implemented for physical keys.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
The City of Boston today announced that a newstreetcleaning program will be piloted in Charlestown. Starting the week of July 1, tickets issued for parking in violation of thestreetcleaning regulation in Charlestown will increase from $40 to $90. Throughout the time period that the pilot program is in effect, towing forstreetcleaning will be discontinued in Charlestown only. The pilot program is being implemented to determine if a change in the citys parking enforcement strategy will lead to increased compliance of thestreetcleaning regulations by motor vehicle owners and ease motorist concerns about the inconvenience of towing to distant tow lots. In partnership with local residents and businesses citywide, the City of Boston is committed to ensuring that localstreetsare thoroughly cleaned each week. Twenty additional hokeys are being hired this summer increasing the citywide total to 40. Bostons Public Works Department employs hokeys to assist withstreetcleaning efforts and to reinforce the work accomplished by the largerstreetsweepingequipment. Unfortunately, the efficiency of allstreetcleaning techniques is impeded when vehicles block access to the curb.As a result, although voluntary compliance is preferred, parking enforcement strategies must be available to employ as necessary in order to get the job done. Currently, due to the high volume of vehicles that are regularly parked in violation of Bostonsstreetcleaning regulations, only one in four vehicles that are eligible to be towed are towed. Since ticketing a vehicle is quicker and less labor intensive than towing, however, these illegally parked vehicles are receiving parking tickets for violating thestreetcleaning regulations It is expected that increasing the fine from $40 to $90 will deter a larger number of drivers from parking in violation of thestreetcleaning regulations than the threat of towing has done, simply because the likelihood of a vehicle being ticketed is much higher than the threat of it being towed. The fine increase will also allow the City to raise additional revenue. Currently, when a vehicle is towed, only the money from the ticket goes to the City. All other fees go directly to the tow company.Charlestown drivers are urged to carefully read the postedstreetcleaning regulations when parking their vehicles. The pilot program will run from July 1 - November 30, 2015. Residents of Charlestown are strongly encouraged to call the Mayors 24 Hotline at617-635-4500or use the Citizen's Connect smartphone app to report anystreetsthat remain dirty afterstreetcleaning. This citizen engagement will allow the City to assess the effectiveness of the program. Residents can also log ontowww.cityofboston.gov/publicworks/sweeping/to learn more about Charlestownsstreetcleaning schedule and to sign up for No Tow alerts to inform you when thestreetcleaning regulations are in effect on your neighborhoodstreets. 
"BOSTON - Wednesday, June 3, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed An Ordinance to Protect Air Quality throughout the City of Boston by Reducing Fuel Emissions,"" to help reduce harmful emissions from diesel vehicles and idling. The ordinance requires all pre-2007 vehicles owned or leased by the City or used by its contractors to have been retrofitted with more effective emission-reduction equipment. It also simplifies and unifies the authority for the City of Boston to enforce the current state-wide anti-idling laws in a consistent way.This ordinance will ensure that as a City we are doing our part to be stewards of the environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. I thank the Council for working together to create a healthier Boston for generations to come.Since 2007, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has considerably lowered the amount of pollution permissible from new diesel vehicles and equipment. However, because of their durability, many pre-2007 diesel vehicles remain in use. For this reason, federal, state and local governments have established programs to encourage the installation of retrofit air pollution control equipment on diesel vehicles and other diesel engines.This ordinance marks another testament of Mayor Walsh's efforts to lead by example, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. By holding the City's fleet to a higher standard, the Mayor and City Council are making Boston a healthier place to live and work.Through a combination of federal and state grants and City funds, most of the Citys diesel school buses are already later model years with built-in pollution-reduction equipment or model-year 2006 or earlier retrofit with the highest level of pollution reduction equipment feasible. The rest of the Citys diesel fleet includes about 328 diesel units, not including emergency vehicles, and about 153 of them are pre-2007. For several years, the Public Works Department has been installing diesel oxidation catalysts, which reduce particulate emissions 20 percent, on diesel units as they need muffler replacements. The City is now using B20 bio-diesel in all of its trucks and equipment further reducing emissions from diesel engines.The Ordinance, which was filed by Councilor Stephen Murphy, has been under development for several years, with active engagement from Councilor Murphy, Felix Arroyo, now the Citys Chief of Health and Human Services, and community groups such as Alternatives for Community and Environment (ACE) and Clean Water Action.The asthma rate in Bostons neighborhoods continues to climb, said Councilor Murphy. By further tightening air quality standards, as this ordinance does, we will make Bostons neighborhoods healthier.""Residents of Roxbury, Dorchester and Mattapan are exposed to large amounts of diesel pollution, resulting in consistently higher rates of illness and premature death,"" said ACE Executive Director Kalila Barnett. ""ACE celebrates this ordinance as a critically important step to decrease hospitalizations and improve the health of communities of color. This law ensures that all of us in Boston will benefit from breathing cleaner, healthier air. We appreciate the Walsh administration and City Council for recognizing the harmful effects of diesel emissions and prioritizing the need for clean air in Boston.The ordinance generally requires all pre-2007 City-owned or operated vehicles to have equipment that reduces diesel emissions by at least 20 percent by the end of 2015. There are exceptions for emergency vehicles, snow removal equipment and equipment rarely used. The Department of Public Works will complete installations on the City's 75 vehicles still requiring retrofits under the ordinance by the end of this year.Requirements for diesel vehicles and equipment used on new City contracts over $2 million would phase in over three years.1.Fiscal Year 2016: Half of the pre-2007 diesel vehicles and equipment used for the contract would be required to have retrofits achieving at least 20-percent pollution reduction.2.Fiscal Year 2017: All pre-2007 diesel vehicles and equipment would be required to have retrofits achieving at least 20-percent pollution reduction.3.Fiscal Year 2018: All pre-2007 diesel vehicles and equipment not previously retrofit would be required to have retrofits achieving at least 85-percentor best availablepollution reductions.The Commonwealth of Massachusetts limits unnecessary idling to five minutes. There are more stringent rules in school zones. These limits are contained, in various forms, in both Massachusetts general laws and in environmental regulations, and the different agencies of the City of Boston derive their authority under different provisions with different enforcement mechanisms and fines. The proposed ordinance simplifies and unifies the authority for Boston Police Department, Boston Transportation Department and the Air Pollution Control Commission to enforce the current state-wide limits in a consistent way. It does not change those limits. Fines for violation of the idling rules will be $100 for the first offense and $500 for subsequent offenses."
"Mayor Martin J. Wash announced that a new Family Friendly Beach will open onSaturday, June 20, at the M Street entrance of the Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) Curley Community Center at 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston. The Mayor made the announcement at ""Mondays with the Mayor at Excel High School in South Boston.Boston is a city on the water and the Family Friendly Beach will make it easier for our families to access our beautiful and clean Harbor in a family-friendly setting, said Mayor Walsh. I am pleased to add another low cost summer option to our wide array of summer activities and programs.The Family Friendly Beach will offer families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment,WiFiand the use of an indoor area. Family memberships are available for a $5 fee.""I believe that the Family Friendly Beach will become a popular spot for families, said Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) which manages the BCYF Curley along with 34 other community centers. It gives us the opportunity to showcase all of the great programs and activities that BCYF Curley Community Center has to offer, especially, our recently renovated teen center.""South Boston resident Nancy Minucci is looking forward to bringing her family to the Family Friendly Beach. ""I know the families of South Boston will love this idea by Mayor Walsh, said Minucci. Having a designated family beach in the BCYF Curley is a fantastic opportunity for families to enjoy a great beach in a relaxed family friendly setting.""The BCYF Curley Community Center opened as the L Street Bathhouse in 1931 to give working families access to showers, recreation and enjoyment. It is the largest public recreational facility in the City of Boston and is a quarter of a mile long. It is primarily a fitness center with a wide variety of exercise classes and equipment but it also offers an engaging teen center and an active senior program.The Family Friendly Beach will be open seven days a week through Labor Day weekend from9 a.m. to 5 p.m.weekdays and8 a.m. to 4 p.m.on weekends. Memberships are available at the K Street entrance of the Center."
"BOSTON - Monday, June 1, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will be undertaking an archaeological survey in front of Old City Hall on the former site of the 17th century Boston Latin School and Schoolmasters house. It is an exciting moment for the City of Boston to potentially unveil an important part of Bostons history and a piece of the Freedom Trail, said Mayor Walsh. City of Boston Archaeologist Joseph Bagley will lead his volunteer team in the dig beginning June 2, 2015. Crews will excavate approximately 10 test trenches measuring 5x.5 meters (16x1.5 feet) throughout the month of June in an attempt to re-locate the foundations and yards of the 17th century Boston Latin Schools Schoolmasters house and other later structures. The courtyard of Old City Hall and businesses located within will remain open throughout the 4-week dig. Extensive research prior to the excavations has revealed a complete timeline of the owners and occupants of the Old City Hall courtyard. In 1645, the Boston Free School was built and later renamed the Boston Latin School. While it no longer remains in its original location, Boston Latin is the oldest public school in America. The Schoolhouse was located in an area that is now partially under Kings Chapel and within the courtyard of Old City Hall. At the same time, the City officials allowed the Schoolmaster to live with his family next door. The Schoolmasters house may have been built as early as 1639. In the first decade of the 1700s, both the Free School and the Schoolmasters houses were re-built on their original foundation locations.In the 17th century, the courtyard would have contained the Schoolmasters house, a stone mansion owned by the wealthy and prominent Cooke family and a portion of the Free School. Notable Graduates who would have taken their admissions test at the Schoolmasters house and attended school next door include Cotton Mather (1669), Samuel Adams (1729) and John Hancock (1745), among others.  In 1809, plans to build the Suffolk County Courthouse, where Old City Hall stands today, required the demolition of the standing Schoolmasters house.  Archaeologists are hoping to find the foundations of the 17th-19th century Boston Latin Schoolmasters house and the yard behind it. If successful, it is likely that they will recover significant amounts of artifacts relating to the seven Schoolmasters and their wives and children who lived in the building between 1645 and 1809. These artifacts would reveal new information on these families and 17th and 18th century Boston. What we are really hoping to find is their privy, or outhouse, which would have been where most, if not all, of their household garbage and human waste would have been disposed in,"" said City Archaeologist Joe Bagley. ""Since archaeologists primarily study trash, their outhouse would be a treasure-trove of historic data. Finding an intact 17th century privy would be the ultimate goal. The dig was first proposed by Sean McDonnell, President of the Architectural Heritage Foundation (AHF). AHF is a not for profit organization, and, in 1970, preserved the building under a long-term lease with the BRA. AHF intends on improving the landscape of the courtyard and install additional interpretative displays of the building and yards history, but what remains under the paved and landscaped surface remains a mystery. We are thrilled to have found someone as enthusiastic about Old City Halls courtyard and so able to uncover and tell the story of what else may have happened on the site,"" said McDonnell. ""Everyone in the building takes ownership of Old City Halls place in Bostons history- I think Joes work will only add to the building and sites lustre. This is an ideal situation where a property owner understands and appreciates the importance of their archaeology, and takes preemptive measures to involve archaeologists from the inception of a renovation plan to ensure the proper preservation and recording of any archaeological data and to increase the awareness of the history of a place, said Bagley. The archaeological dig will be staffed by volunteers of the City of Bostons Archaeology Program, which is part of the Boston Landmarks Commission. The dig is also incorporating volunteers from the Boston Latin School Alumni Association and current Boston Latin School students. The public are encouraged to visit the dig, which will be ongoing through the month of June, weekdays from 9AM -5PM, rain or shine, though not during thunderstorms. Progress of the dig can be followed through live updates on the City Archaeology Program and Old City Hall social media pages including facebook atfacebook.com/bostonarchaeologyprogramand on twitter @bostonarchaeo. The City Archaeology Program was established in 1983 to preserve, protect and promote Bostons archaeological heritage. With hundreds of known archaeological sites documented in Boston spanning nearly 10,000 years of human history, the City Archaeologist and a dedicated team of volunteers work to review development projects, excavate archaeological sites on public land, and manage over 1,000,000 artifacts excavated from dozens of archaeological surveys stored in the City Archaeology Laboratory repository. About the Architectural Heritage FoundationFounded in 1966 as a not for profit organization with a mission of preserving historic structures at a time when urban renewal was razing large historic portions of cities, AHF has, for 40 years, blended the fields of historic preservation and real estate development, asset management and property management. In 1969 AHF won stewardship of Bostons Old City Hall, successfully redevelopment the grande dame structure into a thriving restaurant and office building, thereby demonstrating the relevance of adaptive reuse to downtown Bostons future. AHF continues to manage and maintain Old City Hall, safeguarding its future.Today, AHF is active in both Boston and across the Commonwealth where preservation remains a critical component of economic revitalization. "
"We are committed to providing our residents, families and tourists with free events in the City throughout thesummer, said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased with this year's selection and am looking forward to a safe and funsummer.""DonnaSummerRollerDisco PartyThesummerseason will kick off on City Hall Plaza onJune 19 at 6 p.m.with the DonnaSummerRollerDisco Party. The event will feature music, dancing, roller skating and free skate rentals.FridayAfternoon Concert SeriesTheFridayAfternoon Concert kicks off onJuly 10. EachFriday, a different local band will perform from12 p.m. - 2 p.m.in Sam Adams Park in Faneuil Hall.Dororthy Curran Wednesday Night Concert SeriesThe Dorothy CurranWednesdayNight Concert series is celebrating 43 years as Bostons longest-running outdoor concert series. The series will consist of four shows all on City Hall Plaza:July 15,July 29,August 5 and August 12 at 7 p.m.Caliente!Caliente! will feature a variety of local and international talent performing the best ofLatin music and dance. It will be held on July 25 at 5 p.m. on City Hall Plaza. Caliente! is free and open to all ages. The Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the City.For further information, the public should call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red)."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh thanked Governor Deval Patrick for signing H.3625 An Act Relative to the Powers of the Boston Fair Housing Commission, sponsored by Majority Whip Byron Rushing, into law. This Home Rule Petition updates the enabling legislation for the City of Bostons Fair Housing Commission (BFHC), rendering it consistent with current state and federal housing discrimination laws.The Fair Housing Commission is housed in the newly-re-named Office of Fair Housing and Equity, formerly known as the Office of Civil Rights. The Fair Housing Commission a) investigates housing discrimination and city vendor CORI ordinance compliance, b) reviews affirmative marketing plans for city aided housing developments, and c) provides affordable housing listings.The powers of the Boston Fair Housing Commission have not been evaluated since 1994. Governor Patrick made an important decision about the way we respond to discrimination by signing this Home Rule into law, said Mayor Walsh. There is no place for discrimination of any kind here in the City of Boston.H.3625, now Chapter 110 of the Acts of 2014:? Adds the term gender identity as a protected class, and ensures that any additional protected classes that may be added to state of federal law in the future will fall under BFHCs enforcement authority.? Clarifies that, in accordance with state and federal laws, no dwelling owner is allowed to publish discriminatory ads or make discriminatory statements.? Codifies the existing practices that judicial review of BFHC decisions are in accordance with MGL Chapter 30A, Section 14, the standard use for review of most state and administrative agencies.The Home Rule Petition will update the Commissions 1994 statute, which granted the City substantial housing discrimination enforcement powers. At present, Boston is one of only two municipalities with housing discrimination enforcement powers similar to the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination (MCAD) and accepted by the United States Office of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) as a Fair Housing Assistance Program (FHAP).We extend our appreciation to Governor Deval Patrick and the Legislature for taking steps to ensure that the rights of protected classes are respected and acknowledged in this legislation, said Dion Irish, Executive Director of Bostons Office of Fair Housing and Equity. A lot of progress has been made, but we can do more to advance opportunities for everyone in Boston.We commend the City of Boston for taking steps to ensure that transgender people have proper recourse if they experience housing discrimination, said Jennifer Levi, Director of the Transgender Rights Project of Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders (GLAD). Unfortunately, GLAD too often hears from transgender people who have difficulty finding or maintaining safe, appropriate housing simply because of who they are. This home rule petition will make a tangible, positive difference in the lives of the many transgender people living in communities across the City.For more information regarding this legislation, please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/fairhousingor call 617.635.2500.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the final report on NEW (Neighborhood Engagement Walks) Boston, a comprehensive report of every street in every neighborhood across Boston.I am proud of the work that Neighborhood Services has done to invest in every street and community in Boston, said Mayor Walsh. This report, for the first time in our history, truly assesses every piece of this City, and allows us to better serve the people in our neighborhoods.Starting last September, representatives from the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) walked the 850 miles of city streets across Boston, in an effort to assess each neighborhood in great detail. ONS representatives surveyed every part of their respective neighborhood, on the ground, and evaluated infrastructure challenges, identified constituent concerns through conversations and cataloged issues facing each neighborhood. The goal of this effort was to closely examine the City, allowing ONS representatives to understand every facet of their respective neighborhood while engaging with constituents on the ground and building relationships face-to-face.This past fall, Mayor Walsh challenged myself and my team to find new, innovative ways to engage with residents, said Jerome Smith, Chief of Civic Engagement. By walking the 850 miles of City streets, and logging everything we found, we're working to fulfill the Mayors promise to increase efficiency while maintaining greater transparency.NEW Boston was a cross-departmental effort, with ONS representatives working closely with the Citys Inspectional Services Department, Public Works Department, Transportation Department and Parks Department, among others.Click herefor more information on the Office of Neighborhood Services.
"Boston is fostering young, talented leaders to create change in our communities that will affect their future and generations to come, said Mayor Walsh. This is a chance for all young people in Boston to have their voices heard and share in the opportunity to shape our neighborhoods.Throughout the year, Mayor Walsh held youth forums in neighborhoods across Boston to gather ideas on how to make Boston even better. Teens facilitated these meetings and gathered over 1,500 ideas ranging from policy changes to construction projects. Since then, teens have been busy taking those ideas and working with city staff to craft 10 project proposals that are eligible for capital funding.This is the second year that young people are voting on how city funds should be allocated. Last year, youth voted to renovate Paris Street Park and American Legion Playground, deliver Chromebooks to three public high schools, construct art walls, and fund a skate-park feasibility study. This year, the ballot includes expansion of Wi-Fi in schools and community centers, water bottle refill stations at parks, bike lane installations, and additional Hubway stations in residential neighborhoods.My favorite part about Youth Lead the Change is that its entirely youth led, entirely your voice. We get to decide which ideas are on the ballot and where that money goes, says Shihua Wu, a junior at Boston Latin Academy. Usually adults do that, but its very cool that youth get to decide on that. In addition to the Mayors Youth Council, young people from 24 organizations in Boston collaborated to write the rules and manage this process.""Youth Lead the Change is the nation's best example of true collaboration between young people and city administration,"" said Pam Jennings of the Participatory Budgeting Project, a nonprofit leading the development of Participatory Budgeting in North America. ""Participatory Budgeting empowers our young leaders to understand how government works while giving them the tools to make informed decisions. We are excited to spread the innovations introduced by Youth Lead the Change, to make democracy better for communities around the world.""""Our mission is to scale up collaboration and decision-making. We envision an era in which large communities can deliberate and brainstorm with one another on important issues with the aid of intelligently designed algorithms and digital communication platforms. We are fortunate to partner with the Boston School District. The forward thinking, the willingness to innovate, and the commitment to inclusive democracy that we see from the city and the district has been a great motivator for our team."" Ashish Goel, Professor at Stanford University, who leads theStanford Crowdsourced Democracy Teamwhich developed the digital voting tool used for voting.Boston residents between 12 to 25 years old can go to the Youth Lead the Change website to access the online ballot and view ballot locations. Voting is open from May 25 until June 1. On Friday, May 29, at 5 p.m., a teen Vote festival will be held at the BCYF Tobin Community Center on Friday, May 29, at 5 p.m. Voting results will be announced to the public on June 9, 2015 at City Hall."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today releasedResilient Food Systems, Resilient Cities: Recommendations for the City of Boston, an action plan to ensure the citys food system is able to withstand and recover from disruptions and natural disasters.Boston is now the first city of its size to study and assess food system resilience.This winters historic snowfall showed how much weather can impact daily operations,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As a City we need to be fully prepared when these storms or other natural disasters occur. With these recommendations, we will be working to prepare our food systems from any disruption.Boston has a complex food system of producers, processors, distributors and retailers that feeds more than 645,000 people.More than 100,000 people in Boston are food insecure, living without adequate access to fresh, healthy food. Todays report will allow Boston to develop a resilient system in which all constituents have access to food, both in their daily lives and in the wake of a natural disaster.The report was released by the Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (ICIC) and commissioned by the Mayors Office of Food Initiatives. The report was funded by the Henry P. Kendall Foundation and the Local Sustainability Matching Fund, a project of the Funders Network for Smart Growth and Livable Cities and the Urban Sustainability Directors Network. The report identifies points of vulnerability in food availability and access that could arise as a result of a natural disaster and created a set of recommendations for implementation.Five areas for improvement are identified within the report, and focus on strengthening Bostons food system to ensure that the City is able to return to normal operations following a natural disaster:These areas will be improved through a coordinated strategy with lead agencies and organizations including the Office of Food Initiatives, the Office of Environment, Energy and Open Space, Boston Redevelopment Authority, Office of Business Development, Boston Transportation Department, Office of Emergency Management and The Greater Boston Food Bank.Among the reports recommendations, some include:""We are grateful for being included on Boston's Food Resilience Steering Committee and we are excited about the opportunity of furthering our work with the city to implement the ICIC recommendations in order to insure and improve food access for all of the city's residents,"" said Catherine D'Amato, President and CEO, The Greater Boston Food Bank.To view the whole report, please visit:http://www.icic.org/research-and-analysis/resilient-food-systems"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston-area immigrants, and local business leaders and advocates today discussed the economic and moral benefits of President Obamas executive action on immigration, while calling on Congress to pass legislative reform without delay. The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans (DAPA) will help an estimated five million immigrants and children of immigrants stay in the United States, continue contributing to our economy and create American jobs.""I want to make it clear that Boston welcomes and supports immigrants Boston is a city of immigrants, and a city thats made stronger by immigrants,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A complete federal legislative solution on immigration has taken too long and the need is too great. I support President Obamas executive actions and I call on the courts to lift this order and let these sensible actions be implemented.""According to a study by the Center for American Progress, the DACA/DAPA programs could boost wages for eligible immigrants by $103 billion, as well as drive a $230 billion increase in the nation's gross domestic product over the next 10 years. Additionally, given Massachusetts' current share of the U.S. economy, the Council of Economic Advisers estimates that executive action will increase Massachusettss GDP by $2.4 to $5.6 billion over the next decade.Americans across the country clearly support immigration reform that grows our economy, creates jobs, and allows millions of hardworking immigrants to come out of the shadows and live free of the fear of family separation, said Todd Schulte, President of FWD.us. President Obamas executive immigration actions are a critical first step to helping end the deportations which tear families and loved ones apart, while costing our economy billions of dollars. We will continue working every day to help pass a permanent legislative solution to finally fix our countrys terribly broken immigration system.As an 11-year-old child, I had little comprehension of the challenges that awaited us when my family and I arrived in the United States, said Cesar Boc, an aspiring lawyer and a 2012 DACA recipient. My dream was to work hard, attend school, and live a normal life. Yet, my journey in the United State has been a constant struggle to affirm my dignity as a human being in the midst of hostile and inaccessible immigration laws. DACA has made a considerable difference in my life since I now have a job, a drivers license, and do not have a fear of deportation.We immigrants are honest, hard-working people who have done everything we can do to be part of this community, said Perla, a mother of two. We come here in the pursuit of better opportunities that lead to a better quality life. We've been in the shadows for too long without a voice, and I believe that now is the time to speak out. With the Presidents executive actions on immigration reform, now is the time to make change.Highly skilled care workers provide essential services that are necessary to growing Massachusetts and the U.S. economy, and they deserve the same protections any professional is entitled to, such as overtime and leave, said Dave Krupinski, Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer of Care.com, and Boston FWD.us Co-chair. By allowing these smart, hard-working individuals to continue working in our country and contributing to our economy, we are filling a critical need in our labor pool and growing our nations economy, while also helping working families find the care they need.A federal district court in Texas has issued an order that temporarily blocks the DAPA and expanded DACA programs from being implemented, preventing millions of immigrant families and thousands of Bostonians access to work authorization and relief from deportation. The ruling does not affect current DACA recipients.The City of Boston's Office of New Bostonians has launched a Know the Facts campaign to make sure the City's residents are aware of their eligibility for these actions. This Saturday, May 30, the Office of New Bostonians will host a clinic on eligibility at the Umana Academy in East Boston. Legal Services and other partners will be on hand to give free one-on-one screenings and consultations.About FWD.usFWD.us is an advocacy organization created to help organize the broader tech community to promote a bipartisan policy agenda  including comprehensive immigration reform, education reform, and support for scientific research  that will boost the knowledge economy to ensure more jobs, innovation and investment, now and in the future. You can learn more atwww.FWD.us."
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that Mission Hill Resident Parking Permits will expire on Tuesday, June 30, 2015. Notices have been sent to current permit holders advising them of the process for renewing their permits by mail, on-line, or in person at City Hall. To further ensure the convenience of the resident parking permit process, residents may apply to renew an existing permit, or apply for a new permit, at Bostons City Hall to Go truck, which will be stationed in the neighborhood each week during the month of June. The permit will then be mailed in 5-7 business days upon approval by the Office of the Parking Clerk.The City Hall to Go trucks upcoming schedule in Mission Hill is as follows.Residents with questions about the City Hall to Go truck or this schedule are asked to visitwww.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/or call #617-635-4500.Residents are asked to review the guidelines listed below before visiting the City Hall to Go truck.Only vehicles displaying a Mission Hill Resident Parking Permit are allowed to park in spaces designated Mission Hill Resident Permit Parking Only. Vehicles parked in violation of the resident parking regulations are subject to a $40 fine.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined City officials to highlight the cross-departmental measures the City of Boston is taking to keep residents and visitors safe this summer.  ""Summer should be a time of joy and fun, and the City of Boston has wonderful programming lined up for City Hall Plaza and in parks and community centers across the neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We encourage people to make the most of summer in the city. But its also a time when certain risks are higher, so please: be smart and be safe."" In addition to the Citys significant investment in summer jobs, paid internships, summer school, and summer camps and activities, the Mayor also emphasized the need to specifically connect with those most at risk and in need. Police:Fireworks:Outdoor Fires and Grilling:Window Guards:Deck, Porch and Roof Usage:Water and Swimming Safety:Heat Safety:Animal Bites:'Lead Safe' Home Renovations:Bike Safety:Mosquitoes and Ticks:Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Summer Programs:Boston Parks Department Summer Programs: The Boston Parks Department hosts participatory and performing arts events through the ParkArts program during the summer months. Programs include music concerts, movie nights, a marionette puppet series, watercolor painting workshops, and craft workshops. In addition, the Boston Parks Department, in partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission, are hosting free fitness activities in parks citywide, including yoga, boot camp, tai chi, zumba and more. For a list of these events please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/parks.This past year, Mayor Walsh moved the citywide recreation unit back to the Boston Parks and Recreation Department. The Recreation Unit offers many sports programs throughout the summer including Boston Neighborhood Basketball League, baseball, softball, tennis and golf programs. We also offer three free sports centers for kids in Dorchester, East Boston and South Boston that teach fundamentals of training and condition, sportsmanship, nutrition, wellness and self-esteem. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has filed an amended civil complaint against the Massachusetts Gaming Commission that seeks the nullification of all of the Commission's decisions, including the award of the Category 1 gaming license to Wynn, and the disqualification of all Commissioners from further participating in any proceedings involving Region A.The City of Boston first filed a civil complaint against the Commission on January 5, 2015.The City worked diligently with Wynn to negotiate a fair agreement that benefits the people of Boston, however was unable to reach an agreement that accurately represents the impact to the City.""This is a very important step in our ongoing efforts to protect the legal rights of the people of Charlestown and the City of Boston,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We have spent an enormous amount of time and effort on the casino issue from day one and it has always been our belief that Boston is a host community to this planned casino. The City is fighting this battle because the health, safety and welfare of Boston's residents will be jeopardized by Wynn's plans and it is clear that this is the only way to move forward to protect the rights of Boston's public and restore integrity to the gaming process.""The only legal access point to the plannedcasinocontinues to be through Horizon Way, making it impossible for Wynn to operate its planned casino without using entry and exit points in the City of Boston, specificallydirectly through the neighborhood of Charlestown. This requiresthe vast majority of patrons to travel through Rutherford Avenue and Sullivan Square, an area that already faces severe traffic congestion, posing significant environmental and public safety harms.Additionally, Horizon Way is not zoned for a casino. As a condition of the gaming license, Wynn was required to submit applications for required permits to the Boston Public Improvement Commission (PIC) within 90 days of the effective date of the license, or by February 5, 2015. To date, Wynn failed to apply for any permits from the PIC.To view the 152-page complaint, please visit:http://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor/pdfs/2015-05-20-AmendedComplaint.pdf"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today publicly released the administrationsfirst progress reporton achieving thehousingproduction goals laid out in his ambitioushousingplan,Housinga Changing City: Boston 2030. The plan, released in October 2014, called for increased transparency intohousingpolicy, including quarterly releases of data and an end of year Annual Report. This is the first report in that series.I am extremely proud of the progress that the City has made in increasing the supply of newhousingthat will reach the market, said Mayor Walsh. But in order to create a thriving, healthy and innovative city, we must work harder to ensure that everyone who wants to live here is able to. This report shows that Boston 2030 is more than just a thoughtful plan it is a true blueprint for action.The City of Bostons data demonstrates that the City is on target to meet the Mayor's goals of creating 53,000 units ofhousingby the year 2030. In the first quarter of 2015, 1,187 units ofhousingwere created, bringing the total number of new units ofhousingcreated since the inception of the plan to 13,017. This represents 128 percent of the target production level needed to reach the City's goal of creating 53,000 units by 2030. In addition, another 825 units ofhousingwere approved through the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA), bringing the City's total number of units permitted or approved to more than 21,000 units.This quarter, the City also achieved 121 percent of its target rate for creating 6,500 units of low-incomehousingby 2030. To encourage continued development of affordablehousing, this week Mayor Walsh awarded nearly $39 million to support affordablehousingdevelopments in neighborhoods throughout Boston. The funding, which will create or preserve 1,194housingunits, uses $27 million of federal and local resources through the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) and uses $11.7 million in linkage funds through Boston's NeighborhoodHousingTrust.The City reached 88 percent of its quarterly target to reach 20,000 units of middle incomehousingby 2030, with 551 units created this quarter, and 3,740 units permitted to date. Analysis of the data appears to show an increase in middle incomehousingcreation. When this quarters newhousingstarts come on the market, projections indicate that nearly half of the units will be affordable to middle income households, in comparison to 26 percent in 2014. Boston is well on its way to achieving the level of production needed to house its growing population, said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC). Middle incomehousingstill remains a challenge, which is why we strongly support Mayor Walshs efforts to address barriers related to zoning, permitting and the cost of construction.No new units of seniorhousingwere created this quarter however, the City has permitted 284 new units of low-income seniorhousing, which is 89 percent of the target rate needed to reach 1,500 units by 2030. The elimination of the Federal 202 program has meant that it has been a year since the last elderlyhousingproject started construction however, passage of a new line item in Mayor Walshs Fiscal Year 2016 City budget would mean that the City can begin to rebuild the seniorhousingpipeline and to fund new projects again. The City also filed state legislation in January to create a new affordable seniorhousingprogram using existing state housing bond bill funds.Additional data points in the report include:The entire report can be foundhere.
"For the second year in a row, the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy (ACEEE) named Boston the most energy-efficient city in the United States, according to its 2015 City Energy Efficiency Scorecard. ""It is an honor Boston has been recognized as America's most energy-efficient city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our goal is to help Boston residents and businesses save energy and money, and through collaborative efforts with our utility partners, Eversource and National Grid, we are creating a thriving, healthyand innovative Boston. I look forward to continuing these efforts for both our environment and residents."" The a biennial report ranks large U.S. cities on policies and other actions to save energy. ACEEE included 51 cities in this edition of the Scorecard, up 17 from the 2013 edition of the report. Our findings show that cities continue to be laboratories of innovation when it comes to energy efficiency, with many pushing the envelope for more energy savings in the last few years,"" said ACEEE research analyst David Ribeiro, the lead report author. ""Cities are also improving their approaches when it comes to tracking and communicating their efforts to save energy. By capturing these efforts in the Scorecard we hope local leaders from cities of all sizes can learn best practices from each other and deliver the benefits of energy efficiency to their communities, such as a stronger economy and a cleaner environment.Clean energy is a vibrant part of the Massachusetts economy  employing close to 100,000 people and this accomplishment further bolsters Massachusetts and the City of Bostons credentials as a leading global hub of clean energy, said Massachusetts Clean Energy Center CEO Alicia Barton. Cities were evaluated on what actions they are taking to reduce energy use in five key areas: government operations, community initiatives, buildings, utilities and transportation. ACEEE cites four areas that helped the City of Boston take top honors in the report --community-wide initiative, building policies, energy and water utility policies, and transportation. Highlights include:Joining Boston in the top five rankings were New York City, Washington D.C., San Francisco and Seattle. To read the report and its key findings and recommendations, and to view the interactive infographic, visit:http://aceee.org/local-policy/city-scorecard. About ACEEEThe American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy acts as a catalyst to advance energy efficiency policies, programs, technologies, investments, and behaviors. For information about ACEEE and its programs, publications and conferences, visithttp://aceee.org. About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details. "
One of Boston's most picturesque spaces will be filled with music in a free concert series on Wednesdays and Fridays in June, July, and August. Starting on June 3, the courtyard at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street, will feature music selections from a variety of influences, from jazz and folk to classical and contemporary music. Concerts are held on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. and on Fridays at 12:30 p.m. through August 28. All concerts are free and last approximately one hour.Partaking in this free summertime series is an ideal way to spend part of an afternoon or evening enjoying music in one of Bostons finest cultural institutions, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I thank Boston Public Library staff, the Boston Public Library Foundation, and Deloitte for providing such wonderful programming for library users and visitors.The complete Concerts in the Courtyard schedule, which is generously co-sponsored by Deloitte and the Boston Public Library Foundation, can be viewed atwww.bpl.org/concerts. During the Wednesday evening concerts, light refreshments will be available for purchase. In the event of inclement weather, concerts will be moved inside to the Commonwealth Salon. The concerts continue in July and August with the following schedule:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation (BCBSMF) to releaseAddiction and Recovery Services in the City of Boston,a Blueprint for Building a Better System of Care, a report on the current status of substance abuse and addiction in the City of Boston. The findings of the report will serve as a road map for the Mayors Office of Recovery Services (ORS), the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. The Mayor also announced that Jennifer Tracey, a highly respected and experienced recovery expert, will head ORS.Too many Bostonians are all too familiar with the destruction that substance abuse addiction causes in our Citys families and neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. We see addictions devastation in our homes, at our workplaces, and on our streets. Where there are accessible recovery supports that readily assist people and families suffering from addiction, devastation can quickly transform into a wellspring of resilience and strength. This is why addressing Bostons addiction problem is one of my top priorities as Mayor of Boston. Now that BCBSMAF has finalized this report, it will serve as a vital roadmap for the newly created Office of Recovery Services, which will soon open under the Boston Public Health Commission. We were pleased to partner with Mayor Walsh and his Administration on an assessment that included concrete, actionable recommendations to strengthen Bostons substance use disorder and recovery service system,"" said BCBSMF President Audrey Shelto. ""Under his leadership, the City has an incredible opportunity to strengthen the partnerships and programs that provide services to individuals and families impacted by addiction and reduce stigma by encouraging those who need treatment to seek it. The City of Boston can become a national leader in combating drug use and related community challenges and serve as a model to other municipalities in the region and around the country."" Last year, Mayor Walsh announced a collaboration between the City of Boston and the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation to produce a study on the current capacity of addiction and recovery services in the City of Boston. The findings of the report focus on how to better align the citys addiction and recovery services with demonstrated best practices.  Among the report's findings, some include:  Among the report's recommendations, some include: The Office of Recovery Services will be under the oversight of the Boston Public Health Commission, and is part of Mayor Walshs Fiscal Year 2015 budget, which identified $300,000 in new funding to help support its creation. The office will work to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services for those battling addiction, help those fighting addiction navigate the citys available resources, and advocate for treatment options. Today's addiction and recovery study will be fundamental to the development, mission and function of the office. As the new Director of the Office of Recovery Services, Jennifer Tracey has nearly 20 years of experience in the field of Health and Human Services ranging from program development, implementation and evaluation grant and contract negotiation strategic community mobilization, education and direct service work with adolescents and families. Tracey previously served as the Director of the Office of Youth and Young Adults at the Massachusetts Department of Public Health, Bureau of Substance Abuse Services for the past five years. At DPH, she oversaw the development of policies and programming for the states youth and young adult treatment service system and recovery high schools. Prior to her most recent position, Tracey worked for seven years as DPH's Boston Regional Manager, developing and administering comprehensive alcohol and drug treatment programs throughout the City of Boston and statewide. Tracey holds a master's degree in Social Work from Salem State College and a bachelor's degree from Providence College. She is a resident of Dorchester. ""It is an honor to serve the City of Boston and join a team that prioritizes innovative addiction recovery efforts,"" said Tracey. ""I am grateful to bring my experience and passion to the Office of Recovery Services to carry out the recommendations of the strategic plan and to support Mayor Walsh's comprehensive vision comprised of prevention, intervention, treatment, and recovery for each individual and family in the City of Boston."" Wednesday's report was released at the Dimock Center in Roxbury, which is nationally recognized as a model for the delivery of comprehensive health and human services in an urban community. I am incredibly honored that The Dimock Center was chosen as the site to release this important addiction and recovery report, said Dr. Myechia Minter-Jordan, President & CEO of The Dimock Center and member of the reports Advisory Council. As a leader in substance abuse and recovery services, The Dimock Center is at the forefront of the fight against addiction as we work to increase access to these services in the City of Boston and beyond. About the City of Boston:Since entering office, Mayor Martin J. Walsh has lead the City of Boston with a commitment to opportunity, community, equality for every resident in every neighborhood. From housing, to education, to diversity, to arts and culture, and more, Mayor Walsh works to ensure fairness and justice permeates all Boston communities, municipal departments and local businesses. He has followed through on this commitment by establishing several new initiatives devoted to achieving and protecting equality for all. About the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation:The mission of the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation is to expand access to health care for vulnerable and low-income individuals and families in the Commonwealth. The Foundation was founded in 2001 with an initial endowment from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. It operates separately from the company and is governed by its own Board of Directors."
If you've visited ussince our last post,you've likely noticedthat we added a timeline. It's admittedly light on time-related details, but as we move forward withselecting a design partnerwe'll add expected dates of completion for each phase of the project. However, we feel we should be upfront about one thing about our timeline: it's a lie.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined 100 Resilient Cities (100RC) - pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation - to kick off the process of developing a comprehensive resilience strategy that will enable the city to better survive, adapt and grow no matter what kinds of chronic stresses and acute shocks it experiences. The workshop brought together local officials and civic leaders, as well as engineers, architects, economists, faith leaders, academics and urban planners from around the city to participate in discussions on shared priorities and the essential elements for our preparedness plans.Thanks to 100 Resilient Cities and The Rockefeller Foundation, Boston has a real opportunity to address lingering social and economic impacts of our history, said Mayor Walsh. This workshop is a first step towards creating a tremendous resource and will move Boston towards a stronger, more resilient future.Bostons initiative includes a unique focus on social resilience. Forty years after the busing crisis, Boston remains a city affected by divisions of race and class that undermine community cohesion. Gaps in health, educational and economic outcomes are evidence of how these fissures weaken resilience. The goal of the 100RC Initiative is to find ways to infuse the principles of resilience into all aspects of local planning, ensuring the city's ability to weather and recover from the physical, social and economic crises that are increasingly prevalent in the 21stcentury.In the months following todays workshop, the city will continue to engage those stakeholders, resilience experts and 100RC staff in drafting the plan. As part of the process, Mayor Walsh is seeking applicants for the position of Chief Resiliency Officer (CRO) for the City of Boston to ensure Boston's resilience strategy incorporates and responds to the overarching issues facing Boston, including racial and socio-economic inequity, the lack of affordable housing, unemployment and underemployment, violence, climate change, flooding and terrorism. The position is funded through 100RC.The CRO will report directly to the Mayor and will support the development of a resilience strategy and policy discussion in the city that includes an assessment of our social resilience opportunities and challenges. The CRO will also work with external stakeholders towards a shared vision on economic development, transportation, housing, climate change and the arts. Boston residency is required for this position. Interested applicants can apply at the City of Bostons website.In December 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston had been selected as one of 35 cities from around the world to join the 100RC Network, which supplies its member cities with tools, funding, technical expertise and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21stcentury.City governments are on the front line of dealing with acute shocks and chronic stress, said The Rockefeller Foundation President Judith Rodin. Boston is part of a group of cities leading the way on resilience to better prepare for, withstand, and recover more effectively when disruption hits. Through this type of inclusive resilience planning cities can be better prepared for the unexpected. T hey can also realize the resilience dividend, the economic and competitive advantages that come from taking a resilience mindset. Bostons commitment to resilience thinking, planning and action will set a global example.Boston is helping fuel global momentum around building urban resilience, and leading by example, said Michael Berkowitz, President of 100 Resilient Cities. The agenda workshop will clarify the citys needs, surface innovative thinking, and give us a blueprint for engaging partners from across sectors to bring Boston the tools and resources needed to become more resilient.About 100 Resilient Cities  Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation:100 Resilient Cities  pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation -- is dedicated to helping cities around the world become more resilient to the physical, social and economic challenges that are a growing part of the 21stcentury. 100RC supports the adoption and incorporation of a view of resilience that includes not just the shocks but also the stresses that weaken the fabric of a city on a day-to-day or cyclical basis. Examples of these stresses include high unemployment an overtaxed or inefficient public transportation system endemic violence or chronic food and water shortages. By addressing both the shocks and the stresses, a city can better respond to adverse events and is more capable of delivering basic functions in good time and bad, to all populations.The 100 Resilient Cities Challenge was launched in 2013 as a $100 million commitment to build urban resilience. Officials or leaders or major institutions from over 700 cities have applied to the Challenge. The first cohort of 32 cities was announced in December 2013, and 100RC announced their second cohort of 35 cities in December 2014.Media Contact for 100 Resilient Cities: Maxwell Young  Myoung@100RC.org
One of the oldest municipal buildings in the City, the BCYF Paris Street Community Center in East Boston, will close for renovation this Friday, May 22. The $10 million dollar project will allow the Center to receive the repairs and upgrades necessary to offer many additional resources to the East Boston community for the next 100 years.Upgrades will include interior upgrades of all mechanical systems and boilers, window replacements, exterior and interior door replacements, athletic facility improvements, teledata upgrades and new furniture and equipment.This project will not affect the BCYF Paris Street Pool across the street from Center which will remain open. All BCYF Paris Street Community Center programming and staff will move to the Umana Academy, 312 Border Street, in East Boston. Because there is no weight room or cardio room at the Academy, programs that use those spaces will not be offered in the temporary location. The relocated community center will be open Monday through Friday from 1-9 p.m.With the renovation of this center, nearly all BCYF centers in free-standing municipal buildings  those not in BPS school buildings  have been renovated at least once in the past decade. This is an extensive project that took several years to research and design and is expected to reopen in the fall of 2016.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an ordinance establishing paid parental leave for City of Boston employees, Boston's first-ever Paid Parental Leave policy. The ordinance, which was proposed by Councilors Michelle Wu, Tim McCarthy and Tito Jackson, allows for up to six weeks of Paid Parental Leave to both men and women, as well as same-sex couples, who have worked for the City for at least one year.""I would like to thank the Council for working with the Administration to pass this important step forward for working families,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is not only the right thing to do but it is important to the vitality and economy of our city. The benefits of this policy to both individuals and organization are a win-win and it is my hope that businesses will follow our lead and extend this benefit to their employees.""Previous parental leave policies, such as the Family and Medical Leave Act and Massachusetts Parental Leave Act, have focused on protecting parents' jobs during unpaid leave. The lack of income during periods of parental leave is a factor in the wage gap experienced by many women, and forces employees to return to work sooner than their particular family may really need with their newborn or newly adopted child.Mayor Walsh is proud to have worked with the Council to adopt a Paid Parental Leave policy that features:Pay during a parental leave shall be structured as follows: 100 percent for the first 2 weeks 75 percent for weeks 3 and 4 and 50 percent for weeks 5 and 6.As a State Representative, Mayor Walsh was the lead sponsor of the legislation that went into effect this past April, which updated the former Massachusetts Maternity Leave Act of 1972, renaming it the Massachusetts Parental Leave Act and codified that it would be available for men, women and male same-sex couples for the first time."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced nearly $39 million to support affordable housing developments in neighborhoods throughout Boston. The funding, which will create or preserve 1,194 housing units, is possible through $27 million in federal and local resources through the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) and $11.7 million in linkage funds through Boston's Neighborhood Housing Trust.""It is imperative that we continue to support affordable housing in our neighborhoods, and this funding will help many of our families in need of safe housing stay in their homes,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By investing in housing, we are supporting economic development and creating jobs that will revitalize Boston's neighborhoods for future generations.""In addition, the funding will:The development budgets for all proposals will total over $614 million of public and private investment in Boston, with the City's investment representing 6 percent of the total capital needed. Many of the proposals are seeking additional support from the state, and Mayor Walsh will work with the Baker Administration and the Department of Housing and Community Development to ensure that Boston has the resources necessary to support much-needed affordable housing.  Following is a complete list of the developments that have received funding awards: Allston-Brighton:Waverly Abby, Bridge Over Troubled Waters, 28 Units, 28 Affordable UnitsThis development proposes the renovation and expansion of two existing buildings owned and managed by Bridge Over Troubled Waters (BOTW). The development will result in a 28 all-affordable bed facility for single parents and transitional living opportunities for at-risk youth and families.132 Chestnut Hill Avenue, JCHE, 61 units, 61 Affordable UnitsJewish Community Housing for the Elderly (JCHE) intends to create 61 units of affordable elderly housing on land from the Boston Redevelopment Authority. The development will include seven units of housing for formerly homeless seniors and a five unit studio grouping for aging adults with lifelong disabilities. This development will be adjacent to JCHEs existing campus of housing.Residences at Brighton Marine, Brighton Marine Housing LP, Brighton, 108 Units, 86 Affordable UnitsBrighton Marine Health Center and Winn Development will construct a new building and renovate one of the historic buildings on the site currently owned by Brighton Marine. This will create 108 units of mixed income housing with a veterans preference. Eighty-six of the units will be affordable.CharlestownRopewalk, Frontier Enterprise, Inc., 80 Units 26 Affordable UnitsFrontier Enterprises has been designated by the Boston Redevelopment Authority to redevelop two historic buildings located in the Charlestown Navy Yard. Construction will consist of the gut rehabilitation of an industrial building into 80 units of mixed-income rental housing and the creation of 4,000 square feet of museum space. Twenty-six units will be restricted as affordable. The museum space will display equipment and other items used in the historic rope manufacturing process.DorchesterHarmon Apartments, The Boston Home, 39 Units, 33 Affordable UnitsThe Boston Home will create the Harmon Apartments development on their campus in Dorchester. The developer will construct a 39-unit, mixed-income rental housing development for individuals and families with progressive neurological disabilities. Thirty-three units will be restricted as affordable all units will be handicapped accessible with specialized technology and services that will allow those with neurological disabilities to continue to live independently.Ashmont TOD II, Trinity Financial, 87 Units, 53 Affordable UnitsTrinity Financial is proposing to create a mixed-use residential development located on Ashmont Street in Dorchester across from their successful mixed use residential building, The Carruth. The project will create a total of 87 units consisting of 48 affordable rental units and 39 ownership units.Wayne at Bicknell, Cruz Development, 72 Units, 72 AffordableCruz Development is proposing the refinance and renovation of a 72-unit expiring-use project that is currently operated as affordable housing serving a very low income population.Talbot Commons Phase I, Codman Square NDC, 40 Units, 40 Affordable UnitsTalbot Commons is the first of a two phase development that Codman Square Community Development Corporation plans to construct in the Talbot Avenue/New England Avenue area. The development will rehabilitate existing buildings, preserving and improving 21 existing affordable units and creating 19 new units of affordable rental housing, including artist live-work units and gallery space, on scattered sites along the Fairmont line.Greater Four Corners Pilot Project, COHIF, 10 Units, 10 Affordable UnitsThe Coalition for Occupied Homes in Foreclosure, Inc. (COHIF) has acquired four scattered site properties with a total of ten units in the Greater Four Corners and Grove Hall areas of Dorchester and Roxbury. These properties will be rehabilitated and provide long term affordable rental opportunities for families.Downtown/CentralBoylston Street Rehab, St. Francis House & POUA, 46 Units, 46 Affordable UnitsSt. Francis House and the Planning Office for Urban Affairs (POUA) are proposing to redevelop 48 Boylston Street in downtown Boston into affordable housing. The development will create 46 units of affordable housing, of which 26 units will be set aside for homeless individuals. This is the first of a three-phase development slated for this site.The Beverly Street Project- Parcel 1B, Related Beal, Downtown, 239 Units, 239 Affordable UnitsRelated Beal LLC is proposing a 239-unit affordable housing, mixed use development in downtown Boston. The units will provide affordable housing options to a wide range of incomes from extremely low income households at 30 percent of the area median income (AMI) up to households with incomes at 165 percent of AMI. East BostonParis Village, East Boston CDC, East Boston, 32 Units, 32 Affordable UnitsEast Boston Community Development Corporation (EBCDC) will construct 32 units of affordable family rental housing in East Boston on vacant land that is currently underutilized. EBCDC has acquired the site and the new housing abuts the former Salesian Boys building.Coppersmith Village Rental and Homeownership, NOAH, East Boston, 56 Units, 41 Affordable UnitsNeighborhood of Affordable Housing (NOAH) is creating a new mixed use, mixed income development in the heart of East Boston. The project will replace a vacant industrial building and remediate a brownfields site. The development will create 56 rental units, of which 41 units will be affordable. The development will also include commercial space for a local restaurant and create 15 for-sale units of housing, of which 8 will be affordable units.Hyde ParkResidence at Fairmount Station, Southwest Boston CDC, 27 Units, 27 Affordable UnitsThis development is a 27 unit affordable mixedincome, transit-oriented development adjacent to the Fairmount Avenue Station on the Fairmount Indigo commuter rail stop in Hyde Park. The development is co-sponsored and developed by Southwest Boston CDC and Codman Square NDC.MattapanBrookview House III, Brookview House, 12 Units, 12 Affordable UnitsBrookview House, Inc. proposes to construct a development that will create 12 units of homeless housing for families, along with a youth center for children ages 6 to 19, including classroom space.Mission HillParcel 25  Phase 1A, Mission Hill NHS, 40 units, 40 Affordable UnitsMission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services (MHNHS) will develop a vacant parcel formerly owned by the MBTA, located across from the Roxbury Crossing MBTA Station. The MHNHS will construct a five story, mixed use building that will create 40 units of affordable housing along with community-focused commercial space on the first floor and a new home for Metropolitan Boston Housing Partnership (MBHP) on the second level.RoxburyBartlett Yard  Building B, Nuestra Communidad, 60 Units, 38 Affordable UnitsNuestra Communidad and Windale Developers will construct a 60 unit, mixed income and mixed use development. Thirty-eight units will be restricted as affordable. This building will be located at the former MBTA bus yard in Dudley Square.Walker Park Apartments, Urban Edge, 49 Units, 49 Affordable UnitsUrban Edge is proposing to construct two new buildings located on two different sites in the Egleston Square section of Boston. The buildings will provide 49 new units of affordable rental housing. The project is a Lean Pilot Project that seeks to streamline the pre-development, construction approval process and reduce costs.Kasanoff Homes (Ownership), Nuestra Communidad, 16 Units, 16 Affordable UnitsNuestra Comunidad Development Corporation will complete the second phase of the former Kasanoff Bakery site. This development will create 16 units of affordable mixed income ownership housing with incomes ranging up to 100 percent of median income.The Clarion, The Community Builders, 40 Units, 32 Affordable UnitsThe Community Builders is proposing to construct two buildings on the combined site: a four story, mixed use building along with ground floor commercial along Blue Hill Avenue and a 2  story two-family residences on Holborn Street in Roxbury. The development will create 40 units of rental housing, of which 32 units will be affordable.South Boston374 Dorchester Street, Bay Cove, 21 Units, 21 Affordable UnitsThis development proposes the renovation of a building recently purchased by Bay Cove Human Services, the long-term manager of the property. After the renovations, the development will result in a 21-bed facility for homeless individuals.206 West Broadway, South Boston NDC, South Boston, 16 Units, 16 Affordable UnitsSouth Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation (South Boston NDC) and Caritas Communities will create a four story building on two City of Boston parcels, creating a 16 unit affordable rental development on West Broadway in South Boston. This site is located two blocks from transit."
I want to thank the jurors and the judiciary for their service to our community and our country.I hope this verdict provides a small amount of closure to the survivors, families, and all impacted by the violent andtragic events surrounding the 2013 Boston Marathon.We will forever remember and honor those who lost their lives and were affected bythose senseless acts of violence on our City. Today, more than ever, we know that Boston is a City of hope, strength andresilience, that can overcome any challenge.
Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the Boston Inspectional Services Department (ISD) will begin conducting inspections ofall large city-contracted vehiclesin accordance with thethe Truck Side Guard Ordinance. The Ordinance requires these vehicles to be equipped with convex blind spot mirrors, crossover mirrors and blind-spot awareness decals, an important step in protecting Boston's cyclists.These additional safety mechanism requirements are extremely important when providing safe roads for our cyclists to travel, said Mayor Walsh. These updated inspections will keep Bostonians safe on our roads and better protected from danger.The apparatus was designed to reduce the risks of a collision and prevent fatalities with pedestrians and cyclists. This equipment will allow drivers of large trucks to see items in front of, and to the sides of their vehicles, preventing right hook incidents with cyclists. The ordinance does not apply to contracts awarded for trucks used exclusively for snow plowing or emergency vehicles.In the City of Boston pilot, each vehicle cost about $1,800 to outfit and will last the lifetime of the vehicle.I am thrilled the City has begun side-guard inspections on vehicles, said Councilor At-Large Ayanna Pressley. These safety fixtures are a proven way to minimize cyclist fatalities. It is one of many important steps we can take to ensure safe roadways for all.In October 2014 City Council voted unanimously to pass a Truck Side Guard Ordinance, filed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, At-Large Boston City Councilor Ayanna Pressley and the Boston Cyclists Union. The first of its kind in the country the Truck Side Guard Ordinance requires vehicles awarded a contract with the City of Boston weighting over 10,000 pounds (tractor-trailers 26,000 lbs.) to have the enhanced safety measures.The Boston Transportation Department and Boston Bikes will assist with education, content expertise on best practices, and as the point of contact for constituent reporting. Vehicles found to be in compliance will be certified for 2-years. For those vehicles found not to be in compliance, businesses will face a fine, ranging from $100 for the first offense, to potential termination of the contract.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Metro Boston Climate Preparedness Commitment, a regional agreement to establish a common policy framework throughout the Metro Boston area to prepare for climate change. Mayor Walsh made the announcement during the Metro Mayors Climate Preparedness Summit, hosted by the City of Boston and the Metropolitan Area Planning Councils (MAPC) Metro Mayors Coalition (MMC). Mayor Walsh also announced the creation of the Metro Boston Climate Preparedness Task Force, which will coordinate regional, cross-government action to prepare for the effects of climate change.The Metro Boston region is a dense coastal area that is highly vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, said Mayor Walsh. Cities and towns in the Greater Boston area share environmental vulnerabilities, and a regional platform will ensure coordinated and complementary resiliency and climate action efforts. Thank you to my fellow mayors and the Metropolitan Area Planning Council for your commitment to this cause. The Metro Boston Climate Preparedness Commitment, signed by the 14 MMC cities and towns, is a pledge for the municipalities to take coordinated action on critical regional infrastructure and systems, and to develop best practices for local government, policy recommendations for state and federal partners, and funding and investment vehicles to meet the challenges of climate change. By signing onto the agreement, member municipalities agree to sharing information, assessments, plans and identifying crucial gaps integrating climate change in policies and programs coordinating preparedness action identifying regional priorities and identifying opportunities for coordination and collaboration and acting on those opportunities.In addition, the agreement creates the Metro Boston Climate Preparedness Task Force, which will meet approximately every two months to identify, evaluate and implement strategies for preparing the Metro Boston region for climate change, and to develop best practices for local government, make policy recommendations and set regional priorities based on the goals outlined at the summit.Neither the Atlantic Ocean nor the weather respects municipal boundaries, said Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone, Chairman of the MMC. The cities and towns of Metro Boston share built infrastructure and natural resources. If our region wants to mitigate the threat climate change and increase our resiliency, we also need to share common principles and work toward shared goals. This summit is a critical first step toward establishing those common principles and goals.We will only be successful at tackling climate change if we do so together, said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the MAPC. This issue is happening right here, right now, and we must approach it collaboratively if we want to make a difference.The half-day summit, held at UMass Boston, was a first-of-its-kind convening on regional climate preparedness. Members of the Metro Mayors Coalition include mayors from Boston, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Malden, Melrose, Medford, Newton, Quincy, Revere, Somerville, Brookline, Winthrop and Braintree. In addition representatives of regional, state and federal agencies, including MassPort, the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA), the Environmental Protection Agency, the Commonwealth's Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs and the Massachusetts Department of Transportation, were in attendance.The summit was the result of a call by Mayor Walsh on the second anniversary of Hurricane Sandy, in October 2014, to host a regional summit to better prepare for the impacts of climate change and to coordinate a regional approach with the MAPC's Metro Mayors Coalition.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of Arts & Culture will display the prints by members of the Full Tilt Print Studio from May 18th to June 26, in Scollay Square of the 3rd floor gallery, in City Hall.""These works of arts enable us to activate spaces that otherwise were underutilized,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When City Hall employees and visitors can walk past that space and take a moment to appreciate the creations of local, talented, artists, I feel as though we are truly making a difference with these showcases.""Full Tilt Print Studio has 26 members who benefit by being part of a community of experienced printmakers. Members share technical expertise in a quiet, collegial workplace. As Bostons only nonprofit cooperative printmaking studio, Full Tilt offers an open space that encourages free thinking.Since its beginning, the studio has attracted strong, innovative printmakers. It began in 1970 as Experimental Etching Studio (EES), founded by Deborah Cornell, Jeannette Silverio, and Gretchen Ewert. By 1983, it had evolved into a cooperative, operating under the name EES Arts, which two decades later became a nonprofit. As members began exploring printmaking techniques beyond etching, the organization sought a name change. Thus, in 2013, Full Tilt Print Studio was borna name that reflects not only the groups creativity, but its drive and energy.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are handicapped accessible. Boston City Hall is accessible by the MBTA via State Street (Orange and Blue lines) and Haymarket (Green and Orange lines). For more information call 617-635-3245 or visit www.cityofboston.gov/arts."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture will feature Escapism and Adventure an exhibition of paintings by Vanessa Michalak of Boston in the Mayors Gallery on the fifth floor of Boston City Hall from May 19 to June 27, 2015.""I am proud we are able to display a local artist's work, creating a more welcoming public space for employees, residents and visitors to enjoy,"" said Mayor Walsh.Michalak lives and works in Boston. She was awarded the Massachusetts Cultural Council Fellowship for painting in 2014.Ideas about escapism and adventure are explored in paintings created by the synthesis of memories, imagination and found photos, said Michalak. Although my paintings depict naturalistic forms, elements of human interaction within the landscape are always present. Figures move through forests and viewers are forced to make their way through overgrown paths. Particular structures within the landscape allude to impermanence. The paintings become a reflection of my inner restlessness and my longing to reconnect with nature.The Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are handicap accessible. Boston City Hall is accessible by T via Park Street (Green and Red lines) and Haymarket (Green and Orange lines). For further information call 617-635-3245 or visit www.cityofboston.gov/arts"
"MayorMartin J.Walshtodayannounced the City of Boston will undertake anarchaeologicalsurvey at theAmericanLegionHighwayPlaygroundin historicFranklinParkto determine if proposedplaygroundimprovements will impactarchaeologicalsites.TheAmericanLegionHighwayPlaygroundis part of theMayors Youth Lead the Change participatory budget initiative, a first of its kind $1 million capital budget project designed by theMayor's Department of Youth Engagement and Employment and chosen by Boston residents aged between 12 and 25.City of Boston Archaeologist, Joseph Bagley, will lead his volunteer team in thedigbeginning May 11. Crews will excavate approximately 30 small test units during a 1-2 week period. The entirety of theplaygroundand surroundingparkwill remain open to the public during the project and all pathways and equipment will remain open.  ""Thisarchaeologicaldigis a great opportunity for the young people who were involved in this project see their ideas become a reality,""saidMayorWalsh. On the afternoon ofMay 12, students who were directly involved in the development of the newAmericanLegionHighwayPlaygroundproject will be joining the archaeologists on thedig. Playgroundimprovements include infrastructure improvements and pathway construction for children with disabilities, new exercise and play equipment, benches, and resurfacing of play areas. AsFranklinParkis a designated Boston Landmark, the Boston Parks Department submitted thePlaygroundproject for architectural, landscape, andarchaeologicalreview through the Environment Departments Boston Landmarks Commission, where it was approved with positive comments from the Commissioners. Deed and map research revealed that thePlaygroundwas once the location of an 18th century farmhouse, and the small hill within theplaygroundwas a potential location for NativeAmericanuse. These known and potential historic resources madearchaeologicalsurvey necessary prior to the commencement of construction.This is an ideal opportunity to explore Bostons rural agricultural past and its deep Native history in one relatively small project, said City Archaeologist Joe Bagley.  We are hoping that we will be able to identifyarchaeologicaldeposits in the area and thoroughly document and recover important data before the Parks and Recreation Department begins their work on the newplaygroundthis summer.Thearchaeologicaldigwill be open to the public throughout the survey, and the public may also follow thedigonline through regular updates on the City Archaeology ProgramsFacebookandTwitterpage.FranklinParkwas created in 1884 by Frederick Law Olmsted from several private farms as part of a series of connected Boston parks called the Emerald Necklace.The City Archaeology Program was established in 1983 to preserve, protect, and promote Bostonsarchaeologicalheritage. With hundreds of knownarchaeologicalsites documented in Boston spanning nearly 10,000 years of human history, the City Archaeologist and a dedicated team of volunteers works to review development projects, excavatearchaeologicalsites on public land, and manages over 1,000,000 artifacts excavated from dozens ofarchaeologicalsurveys stored in the City Archaeology Laboratory repository"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released Opportunity  Access  Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action, a collaborative action plan to improve positive outcomes for Black and Latino males in Boston. The recommendations report reflects three milestones adopted by Mayor Walsh and the My Brothers Keeper (MBK) Boston Advisory Committee as part of President Barack Obamas MBK Community Challenge: 1) graduating from high school ready for college and career 2) successfully entering the workforce and 3) reducing youth violence, and providing a second chance. The challenges and barriers hindering success for Black and Latino males impact the lives of all Bostonians, said Mayor Walsh. As a community, we need to boost outcomes for boys and girls, as well as hard-working adults and families to ensure equal access and opportunities. This report and action plan will help foster a renewed culture in delivering services and support for our youth that will lead to pathways for success now and in the future.For the release of the report and launch of the action plan, Mayor Walsh was joined by Chief Felix G. Arroyo of Health and Human Services and Chief John Barros of Economic Development, Co-Chairs of the MBK Boston Advisory Committee, as well as members of MBK Boston Advisory Committee. Stephen Lafume and Malachi Hernandez of Boston Latin Academy and Mabel Gonzalez of St. Joseph Preparatory High Schoolpresented the recommendations for action. Among the recommendations, some include:Expand school-community partnershipsIncrease access to rigorous curriculum and instructions in the Citys education modelIncrease diversity and cultural proficiency of administration and staff membersDevelop pilot-based mentoring initiatives between supervisors managing youth employeesScale up trauma-informed practices and training to reach all supervisors managing youth employees, to integrate youth violence prevention strategiesExamine the City of Boston's hiring policies to build a focused strategy for investing in and employing Black and Latino residents for construction and permanent jobsLaunch a new Disparity Study to assess the City of Bostons record and formal practice of engaging Minority-Owned & Women-Owned Business Enterprises in its contracts and procurementEducate and train industry leaders and elected officials to serve as allies in building a pipeline of talented Black and Latino youthDesign a data-driven process for ranking businesses based on their employment of Black and Latino young adults including tracking based on employment, health, and educational attainment outcomes with the goal of providing a benchmark in determining industries and firms to engage for city-wide youth employment opportunitiesEnhance parental engagement as supports for adolescent children through a preventive program aimed at children ages 10 to 14 years old and their parents in high risk neighborhoods, building on the evidence-based model of the Strengthening Families ProgramThrough the Mayors Public Safety Initiative, create a quality assurance system to streamline coordination and communication to improve the delivery of trauma response within the community and accountability for safer streets and neighborhoods. In tandem, this quality assurance system should include standard programming to provide outreach and communication within the community regarding available resources and services.For a full list of action recommendations, please visit:www.cityofboston.gov/mbk.With the release of the MBK Recommendations for Action, the MBK Boston Advisory Committee is moving forward on action plans for each recommendation, outlining proposed strategies, stakeholders, data indicators, resources, and resource needs. Action plans will evolve as recommendations move towards implementation. Beginning in September, the MBK Boston Advisory Committee will provide quarterly updates on the action plan progress. ""All youth deserve to have an active voice, and I look forward to continued participation as we move forward with the MBK Boston Action Plan,"" said Stephen Lafume, a sophomore at Boston Latin Academy. ""My Brother's Keeper in Boston is about bringing people together to develop a brighter future.""Mayor Walsh also announced a partnership between the City of Boston, the Black and Latino Collaborative, and Dr. James Jennings research team to develop a uniformed data dashboard that reflects MBK milestones adopted in Boston to track and work toward improving life outcomes for Black and Latino males in Boston. This data dashboard is an addition to the local data indicators the MBK Boston Advisory Committee will use for measuring progress and impact over time for implemented recommendations. ""It is evident that our City cannot become the Boston we strive for it to be without the gifts, vision, and talents of Black and Latino boys and young men,""said Samuel Acevedo, MBK Boston Advisory Committee Member and Executive Director of the Boston Higher Education Resource Center. ""I am thankful for Mayor Walsh's leadership on My Brother's Keeper, but it is on all of us as a community to work collectively to improve the lives and outcomes of our youth, the future of Boston."" Acevedo is also a member of the Black and Latino Collaborative and serves as a pastor at Congregacin Len de Jud. In December 2014, Mayor Walsh hosted the MBK Boston Action summit attended by more than 400 Bostonians who shared ideas in several breakout sessions on topics including Education, Civic Engagement, Health and Human Services, Public Safety, Workforce and Business Development, and Youth Employment. The MBK Boston Advisory Committee helped to shape policy and program recommendations across these sub-committee areas in support of the three MBK milestones.The MBK Boston Advisory Committee is comprised of 45 members representing government, the private sector, community-based organizations, academia, clergy, elected officials, and Boston Public School graduates as well as Sub-Committees that extend to more local leaders, youth, and experts. In June, MBK Boston Sub-Committees will host meetings to move forward on Bostons MBK Action Plan. Visitwww.cityofboston.gov/mbkto review Opportunity  Access  Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action, the MBK Boston Action Plan, or to learn more about the MBK Boston Advisory Committee.Event photos will later be posted online,here. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the South Boston Emergency Transportation Reconfiguration (ETR), which took effect February 14 and extended into mid-spring, will end on May 13. The Boston Transportation Department will begin removing one-way directional signage on Monday, May 11, and the two-way traffic operation will take full-effect on Wednesday, May 13.""After thoughtful consideration and hearing from the South Boston community, we have decided to end the emergency reconfiguration,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This plan relieved traffic congestion and increased public safety during our most challenging winter months, but now it is time to return to our normal traffic flow and welcome the spring season.""The ETR configured several streets in South Boston to one-way only in an effort to improve public safety following the historic amount of snow Boston received over a 30 day period. The City hosted two community meetings, one at the Condon Elementary School, and one at the Tynan Elementary School, and received constructive feedback from the local community.The City will continue with its plan to survey the residents of South Boston about their desire for any future transportation changes.South Boston residents are encouraged to reach out to the Mayor's office with questions about the termination of the reconfiguration by calling the Mayor's hotline at617-635-4500."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today kicked off a free, two-day interactive Visioning Lab as part ofGo Boston 2030, the City of Bostons initiative to create a bold new transportation plan for Bostons future. Boston residents, commuters and others with an interest in transportation are encouraged to visit the Visioning Lab at the China Trade Center, 2 Boylston Street until 7:30 PM on Friday, May 8, and on Saturday, May 9 from 10 AM to 4:30 PM. The Visioning Lab welcomes children of all ages to participate as family friendly creative activities are planned.The City of Boston is taking unprecedented steps to include the public in policy decisions that affect their lives. The Visioning Lab is a fun and interactive way to be part of the Citys process in building its transportation plan, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage people to use the Lab as an opportunity to share their ideas about Bostons transportation future and learn what mobility issues are important to their neighbors, friends, and colleagues.The Visioning Lab is set up as a unique exploratory experience, inviting visitors to actively participate in building their transportation future. Visitors will interact with multimedia exhibits designed to solicit input, and will be provided with an assortment of creative and artistic possibilities for communicating their ideas about transportation in the future.The interactive exhibits are built on public input collected during the first phase of Go Boston 2030, known as the Question Campaign. During the Question Campaign, local residents and commuters donated questions about the future of Boston transportation. Questions were collected in-person at the Whats Your Question truck that visited neighborhoods throughout the city, online at GoBoston2030.org, by tweet using the #GoBoston2030 hashtag, and by text message. The Visioning Lab displays the information gathered from the questions that were collected and participants will be able to continue to track their question throughout the process to see how their input fits into the larger Vision.As a result of this campaign, we have received 5,000 questions that are providing us with important data to provides a framework for what Boston residents and commuters envision for the future of transportation in our city, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina Fiandaca. Our goal for this process is to create a bold transportation plan with specific short and long term projects included, and it is critical that we continue to get feedback from the public every step of the way.At the conclusion of the Visioning Lab, the data and feedback received will serve as the foundation for a Vision Report, a new set of shared goals, and early action steps that will be released this summer. This will be followed by a comprehensive, long-term Action Plan to be developed through extensive community engagement and released in spring of 2016. The plan will contain resulting transformative policies and projects designed to increase equity in mobility, improve the economy, better connect people to jobs and education, and protect the environment. The plan will informImagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years.Go Boston 2030 takes an innovative approach to community engagement that combines cutting edge technology with grassroots, in-person interaction to gather input from as many residents, commuters, and visitors as possible on what their needs and hopes are for transportation. The Question Campaign was built on the premise that asking questions can inspire vision, make concerns visible, and lead to great ideas. The final transportation plan will include immediate action steps and projects that will improve transportation for residents, commuters, and visitors for the next 5, 10, and 15 years.The Go Boston 2030 initiative is led by the Boston Transportation Department and is a collaboration of many City agencies, MassDOT, and the MBTA. The initiative is steered by the Mayors Mobility Plan Advisory Committee, which is co-chaired by Representative Russell Holmes, who represents the Sixth Suffolk district in Boston and Richard Dimino, President and CEO of A Better City, a business group advancing the economic competitiveness and quality of life in Boston.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of Bostons first citywide planning process in 50 years, Imagine Boston 2030, a two-year public engagement process to create a roadmap for success leading up to Bostons 400th birthday. The Mayor is encouraging residents to visitImagine.Boston.gov, a newly launched website to get involved in the conversation. The Mayor made the announcement at theInnovative Design Alternatives Summit (IDeAS)at Faneuil Hall.Its been fifty years since we had a comprehensive plan for Boston, Mayor Walsh said in a video message that played before his remarks. In 1965 people were looking for the confidence to believe that the citys decline had ended. Today were a thriving, healthy, and innovative city. Now is our chance to set the course for the next generation. Im inviting you to join us in imagining the Boston of 2030. From economic development to open space, from education to equality, your voice is the key to our success.In the video posted atImagine.Boston.gov, residents of different ages and backgrounds from across the city speak about their aspirations for the future of Boston, and the website calls on visitors to, Share your vision. Shape our city.Through Imagine Boston, the City hopes to take a more dynamic approach to community engagement than has been done with planning efforts in the past. As a first step to inform the process, Mayor Walsh is asking community members to share their preferences for how they want to be engaged by completing a short online survey on the website. People can also participate on Twitter by using the hashtag #ImagineBos, and residents can reach out to their neighborhood coordinators to give feedback.There is already a wide array of planning in existence or underway, including work ontransportation,housing,climate action,arts and culture,aging,open space, andeducation. Imagine Boston seeks to knit those efforts together with other key themes to guide Boston into 2030. A citywide plan will serve to implement the ideas set forth in those other plans and to offer additional ideas for the physical and economic development of Boston.Imagine Boston will address at least eight key themes, including:Imagine Boston 2030 will be a multi-phase initiative over the next two years. Starting with an evaluation of baseline conditions, the City expects to begin a more robust public visioning process this fall where community members will be able to contribute ideas to shape Bostons future. A final plan is expected to be adopted in Summer 2017.Hundreds gathered for todays announcement at Faneuil Hall. While design and architecture is the focus of IDeAS, the summit also serves as an opportunity to discuss planning the future of Boston more broadly. There will be a day-long series of interactive panel discussions atBSA Spaceon Congress Street tomorrow. The full agenda for the summit is availablehere.IDeAS is sponsored by The Boston Foundation, Boston Society of Architects Foundation, and Autodesk.
Like most RFPs, ours in Boston have long been filled with 30-year-old text and uninspired jargon that gets copied and pasted from one procurement to the next. Not only are these RPFs unpleasant to look at -- they're also difficult for readers to get through and understand. Need proof? Check out our video posted below.Through our discussions about breaking with tradition to redesign Boston.gov with an unwavering commitment to our end users, it dawned on us that we needed to demonstrate that commitment from the start. We would attempt to create an RFP that doesn't suck.The process of starting fresh proved to be a great primer for the web redesign we are about to undergo. We pulled resources from far and wide to shape our idea of how an improved RFP could sound, look, and how users might interact with it.Our mission statement has set the tone for the project going forward: We believe Boston.gov can be beautifully designed, delightful to use, and thoroughly useful.And so can a government RFP.We invite you tovieworbid on the proposal.Responses to the Boston.gov design RFP are due byMay 13, 2015.
"Boston Public Library President Amy Ryan has been appointed Chair of the Board of the Digital Public Library of America (DPLA), a term which begins in July and is effective for two years. The Digital Public Library of America (dp.la) develops systems to share digital content from American libraries, archives, museums, historical societies, and other community centers in a centralized, online environment. The DPLA offers a single point of access to millions of itemsphotographs, manuscripts, books, sounds, moving images, and more.Amy's deep commitment to enabling access and discoverability of Boston's cultural artifacts transcends across the state and country, and she will be a valuable resource as the Chair of the Digital Public Library of America, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Her leadership and vision ensure our collective history will be preserved and utilized for learners of all ages. DPLA, which recently celebrated its second anniversary, announced several milestones at its April conference, including 10 million items in its collection, 1,600 contributing institutions, 15 service hubs (of which Boston Public Library is one) covering 19 states, and a new PBS LearningMedia and DPLA partnership.As she is a founding board member of DPLA and the president of one of America's great public libraries, and the library in which DPLA has its offices, I have already appreciated Amy Ryan's sage advice and incredibly generous hospitality,"" said Dan Cohen, DPLA's Executive Director. ""I'm delighted that Amy will now be chair of our board, and I look forward to working with her to advance DPLA's mission to provide access, for all, to our shared cultural heritage.""Amy Ryan became the first female president of the Boston Public Library in 2008. President Ryan has over 35 years of public library management experience. Before being named to lead the Boston Public Library, she was the director of the nationally recognized Hennepin County Library in Minnesota from 2005 to 2008. Prior to that, President Ryan served in leadership positions for over 28 years with Minneapolis Public Library. She serves on several boards, including the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center, the Boston Public Library Foundation, the Associates of the Boston Public Library, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Libraries Visiting Committee, the Back Bay Association, Boston After School & Beyond, the Copley Square Charitable Trust, and is a fellow of the Massachusetts Historical Society and a member of the Grolier Club.AboutBOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture will hold the Boston Creates Town Hall on June 2, 2015 at English High School in Jamaica Plain. The Boston Creates Town Hall is the first large public event in Bostons cultural planning process, designed to create a blueprint for arts and culture in the City of Boston. The community is invited to attend and share their opinions and ideas about the Citys cultural priorities. Attendees are encouraged to register for the event in advance athttp://bostoncreatestownhall.eventbrite.com.Boston Creates will engage residents, visitors, and stakeholders to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to think strategically about how these resources can help the community to achieve its cultural goals. The process will create a ten-year plan to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term.Boston Creates is an opportunity for everyone in the city to share their vision of how arts and culture fit into our future, said Mayor Walsh. We encourage everyone to come to the Town Hall to help us build upon the cultural assets of our City, and be a part of the plan that will position Boston as a municipal arts leader.The Boston Creates Town Hall will kick off the community engagement process. It will be followed by interviews with individuals and groups to lay out a comprehensive map of Bostons cultural assets, including its variety of arts organizations, festivals, and public art locations. Community Engagement Team Members are still needed for this process, and individuals interested in volunteering can apply atwww.bostoncreates.org.Boston Creates depends upon community participation for its success, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. We need to hear from as many voices as possible so we can create a plan that represents the unique identity of the city. Over the next year, we will be reaching out to audiences across Boston, and the Town Hall is the first step.In partnership with the City of Boston, the Barr Foundation and the Klarman Family Foundation have provided the funding necessary for the cultural planning process. The Cultural Plan is expected to be complete in June 2016. For more information, visitwww.bostoncreates.org. Social media users can engage with the process on Twitter using #BostonCreates or by following on Facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/ArtsinBoston
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of public conversations aimed at imagining the high school of the future. High School Redesign, a collaboration of the Mayor's Office of Education, Boston Public Schools (BPS) and the Boston Opportunity Agenda, will produce a set of recommendations and a design vision for changes to BPS high schools that will be implemented in the years to come. The first of four public meetings will be held Monday, May 4 at the Presentation School Foundation in Brighton at 4 p.m. The City of Boston is also encouraging stakeholders to host their own visioning sessions with the community and share that feedback with the High School Redesign team.High School Redesign is an opportunity for residents to contribute to Bostons blueprint for modern learning, said Mayor Walsh.  I encourage every member of Bostons vibrant, creative community  educators, school leaders, nonprofits, funders, colleges/universities, business communities, students and their families  to help us identify the tools our students need for future success.BPS has made enormous strides in preparing our students for college and career, including innovations that have helped us to reach both a historic graduation rate and an unprecedented decline in the dropout rate, stated Interim Superintendent John McDonough. Yet, our work cant stop here we want to partner with the community to ensure our schools meet the emerging needs of all students, adapt to support our changing student population, and address the demand for new and different skills that will shape career paths in the next decade and beyond.Our High School Redesign effort is guided by a set of design principles that we believe will spark imaginations across the city, said Rahn Dorsey, Bostons Chief of Education. We hope you are inspired to participate in this unique and important effort that will lead us to a dramatically new vision for our local high schools.Over the past decade, BPS has partnered with community-based organizations, nonprofits and private funders on initiatives that have addressed the needs of at-risk students, moving the dial on students dropping out of school from nearly 2000 students in 2006 to an all-time low of 701 for the past school year. However, achievement and opportunity gaps persist that particularly disadvantage low-income and special needs students, as well as black and Latino males. For example, despite successfully graduating high school, too many high school students have to take remedial courses in college and have not gained the non-academic skills needed for future success.To address these challenges and ensure that new learning experiences exist that prepare young people for high demand jobs of the future, High School Redesign invites the public to share ideas through in-person design conversations, visiting HighSchoolRedesign-Boston.org, providing feedback via social media (#HSReD), and by participating in a High School Redesign competition later this spring.The City of Boston will host four High School Redesign forums and is encouraging the public to host and facilitate their own design conversations too.For the latest schedule, more information, and more inspiration, please visit: highschoolredesign-boston.org.
After spending more than two years identifying and selecting maps and artifacts, the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center (Map Center) opens the free exhibitionWe Are One: Mapping Americas Road from Revolution to Independencein the McKim Exhibition Hall at the Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square on May 2, running through November 29.We Are Oneexplores the tumultuous events that led 13 colonies to forge a new nation and commemorates the 250thanniversary of American colonial resistance to Britains 1765 Stamp Act, a pivotal moment in the chain of events that led to revolution. The exhibition features 60 maps and 40 prints, paintings, and objects selected from 20 partner institutions, including the British Library, Library of Congress, and private collectors, telling the story of our nations founding.This exhibition can change the way people look at the Revolutionary War, said Jan Spitz, executive director of the Map Center. Many rare and historically significant materials have never been exhibited before this will be a whole new experience for students, educators, history buffs, and everyone who is fascinated with our countrys roots.We Are Onetakes its title from Benjamin Franklins early design for a note of American currency containing the phrase We Are One. This presaged the words E Pluribus Unum found on the seal of the United States and on all U.S. coins. Using geographic and cartographic perspectives, the exhibition traces the American story from the strife of the French and Indian War to the creation of a new national government and the founding of Washington, D.C., as its home. Exhibited maps and graphics show Americas early status as a British possession: 13 colonies in a larger transatlantic empire. During and after the French and Indian War, protection of those 13 colonies exhausted Britain economically and politically and led Parliament to pass unpopular taxes and restrictions on her American colonial subjects. The Stamp Act, the Tea Act, and limits on colonial trade and industry incited protests and riots in Boston, as contemporaneous portrayals in the exhibition show.When tensions between Britain and her American colonies erupted into war, cartographers and other witnesses depicted military campaigns, battles, and their settings. At a time when photography was nonexistent and art was romantic and stylized, these maps and drawings provide the most accurate pictorial representations of the North American colonies and bring the long, bloody struggle for independence to life.We Are Onealso shows how, in the aftermath of the Revolution, America took stock of her new geography with surveys and maps. During this period, the founders struggled to craft a new national government that would confederate 13 colonies with different economic interests and cultures. European maps reflect their success by recognizing Americas triumphant new status of nationhood and her expanding territory.Our goal is to bring important maps and artifacts to the public, drawing on the extensive collections of the Leventhal Map Center and selected treasures from other institutions worldwide, said Robert Melzer, chairman of the board of the Map Center. We are tremendously proud of this exhibition, and we hope that anyone with an interest in the formation of this country will come to the Boston Public Library to take a look.As a highly interactive part of theWe Are Oneexhibition, the Map Center will launch their new American Revolution Portal. This portal hosts digitized maps of the Revolutionary War era from nationally and internationally recognized collections, and its magnification technology allows viewers to investigate the rich world revealed in the details of these historic documents. The exhibition features loans from 20 institutions and collectors 11 are also partners in the portal. Reflecting the portals magnification technology,We Are Onezooms in on history by using maps at different scales.With support from the Massachusetts Foundation for the Humanities, a three-dimensional Liberty Tree will be installed in the Northwest Corridor of the Central Library in Copley Square. Printed prompts will invite visitors to join a discussion on what liberty means by adding comments on leaf tags and physically tying them to the Liberty Tree or posting virtually to #LibertyTreeBPL.The exhibition is made possible by the generous support of private donors, foundations, and corporations. After showing in Boston, the exhibition will travel to Colonial Williamsburg in 2016 and the New-York Historical Society in 2017.We Are Oneis located on the first floor of the Central Librarys McKim building, which faces Dartmouth Street. The exhibition is open during the following hours: MondayThursday: 10 a.m.7 p.m. FridaySaturday: 10 a.m.5 p.m. and Sunday: 15 p.m. Visit the exhibition website atmaps.bpl.org/WeAreOne.About the NORMAN B. LEVENTHAL MAP CENTERThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top 10 map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps at maps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with a particular strength in maps and atlases of Boston, Massachusetts, and New England.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitwww.bpl.org.Images:Jean de Beaurain (fl. 1696  c.1772)Carte du port et havre de Boston avec les ctes adjacentes, dans laquelle on a trace les camps et les retranchemens occups, tant par les Anglois que par les AmricainsParis, 1776.Courtesy of Mapping Boston Foundation.Paul Revere (1734-1818)The Bloody Massacre Perpetrated in King Street Boston on March 5th 1770 by a Party of the 29th Reg[imen]tBoston, 1770.Courtesy of the Trustees of the Boston Public Library, Rare Books Department.Pierre Simon Benjamin Duvivier (1730-1819)[Congressional Gold Medal Awarded to George Washington].Paris, 1789.Courtesy of the Trustees of the Boston Public Library, Rare Books Department.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has started work with The Trust for Public LandsClimate-Smart Cities Program to help Boston achieve climate mitigation and preparedness goals set forth in theGreenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update. The Trust for Public Lands Climate-Smart Cities effort helps cities meet the climate challenge through conservation and design--from protecting waterfront parks and wetlands to creating green alleys and water smart playgrounds.I thank the Trust for Public Land and the MacArthur Foundation for their partnership that will help us reach the ambitious goals laid out in our climate action plan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through effectively using the resources that support our environment, we have the opportunity to create a healthy, thriving and more innovative Boston.""The goal of this partnership is to help the City of Boston implement green infrastructure as a strategy to better connect people, keep Bostonians cool, absorb stormwater, and protect the city, its buildings and its people. Through this partnership, The Trust for Public Land will help the City and its partners integrate these four objectives into green infrastructure development by creating a Geographic Information System (GIS) decision support tool, conducting research, and developing projects.""We are thrilled to be working with a great city like Boston as part of our Climate Smart Cities program,"" said Will Rogers, president and CEO of The Trust for Public Land. ""We know that coastal cities like Boston are particularly vulnerable in a changing climate and we applaud Mayor Martin J. Walsh and his staff for tackling this problem with solutions that provide multiple benefits.""As a result of the partnership, by late 2016 the City will have new research on climate impacts and an interactive online mapping tool. The Trust for Public Land will also assist Boston with creating green infrastructure design interventions such as flood mitigation and reducing the urban heat island effect.Studies have shown that bringing natural features into urban environments can cool summer nights, absorb rainstorms, protect against coastal flooding, and help connect residents to mass transit and pedestrian corridors. These natural features, or ""green infrastructure,"" like street trees, biking corridors, urban farms, and waterfront parks can keep neighborhoods of all kinds safe and livable when weather turns bad.Green infrastructure is an important tool that will help Boston both reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and also prepare for the impacts of climate change, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. I look forward to working with the talented team at The Trust for Public Land to develop this resource and identify pilot projects in Boston.The partnership includes participation from multiple City of Boston departments and agencies including the Environment Department, the Department of Innovation and Technology, the Boston Transportation Department, the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Boston Water and Sewer Commission, and the Boston Public Health Commission. Additionally, the state and community organizations are involved, including the Commonwealths Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs, The Boston Harbor Association, Charles River Watershed Association, Metropolitan Area Planning Commission, and Livable Streets Alliance."
The BPL Bibliocycle, a bike and book trailer partnership with Boston Bikes, returns to the streets of Boston in its second season, visiting street fairs, markets, and community events to meet people where they are and deliver library services on-the-go. The first stop for the Bibliocycle will be on Saturday, May 16, at the Kite and Bike Festival in Franklin Park.This program provides an abundance of educational opportunities for community members at a variety of local cultural events. I encourage Bostonians to utilize this great resource and learn more about the free services our library system offers, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh.Features of the Bibliocycle program include library card sign up, book checkout, demonstrations of BPLs digital resources, help with reference questions, and pop-up story times. The mobile collection of up to 50 books includes new releases, bestsellers, cooking, gardening, picture books, and bike repair titles.The Bibliocycle gives Boston Public Library the opportunity to serve community members beyond library walls and grow our programs in an engaging and dynamic way, said Katrina Morse, program organizer and Branch Librarian at the Parker Hill Branch.The Bibliocycle travels to Government Center, Roslindale, Roxbury, South Boston, and more in May and June. The complete schedule of Bibliocycle destinations, including a form where interested organizations may request a visit from the Bibliocycle, can be found atbpl.org/community. The Bibliocycle checkout limit is 10 items per person. The Bibliocycle team is not equipped to handle fines and book returns. Patrons will need to visit one of the BPLs manybrick-and-mortar locationsto complete that type of transaction.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Wash is encouraging Boston youth ages 16-18 to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program. The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events.This unique opportunity will allow students to learn about photography and look at the world through a creative lens,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thank you to John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for supporting this initiative for Boston's future leaders.Every week the instructor chooses a topic/style in photography and teaches the youth different techniques, equipment and conceptual aspects in relationship to it. The instructor also introduces them to a variety of professional photographers that are well-known in that specific style. The youth look at books and websites and visit exhibitions in art galleries and museums around town. The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston. At the end of the summer, their work will be showcased at an exhibition.The program will run from Monday, July 6 through Friday, August 21. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visiting http://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF and clicking the summer link for the application. For more information, contact Debra.Cave@Boston.Gov."
On Thursday evening, Mayor Martin J. Walshs ONEin3 Council will hostCity Hall After Hours, an evening to invite young professionals to experience a new side of City Hall. The event, which will take place from 7PM  9PM, is part of the Citys ongoing efforts to activate public spaces and engage with Bostons young adult population.Throughout the event, guests will have the opportunity to meet and interact with innovators from City Hall and learn about city-wide initiatives that impact young adults. Representatives from a variety of city departments will be on hand to share information and solicit ideas on current projects, including planning efforts and Bostons climate action work.One-third of Bostons population is young adults, and its critical to engage and involve their voices in the civic conversation, said Mayor Walsh. These are the future leaders and decisions makers in our City, and Im thrilled that the ONEin3 Council is making municipal government accessible in this innovative and thoughtful way.The space will be activated with help from the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, which will debut a jukebox activated by tweets, the latest in a series of interventions on the mezzanine of City Hall, includingStairs of Fabulousnessfrom the Public Space Invitational,the introduction of a coffee cart, and#WickedCoolTree.Guests will enjoy complimentary beverages provided by Boston Brewin.ONEin3, an initiative to foster civic engagement among Bostons young adult population, is supported by the Boston Redevelopment Authority.
Yesterday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Executive Director, Dion Irish, of the City of Boston Fair Housing and Equity Department to honor 12 winners of the Mayors 2015 Fair Housing Arts Contest, and the 2015 Fair Housing Landlord Award.The art contest called for young Bostonians grades 1-12, to submit artwork depicting the theme, Boston Opening Doors for All. The Fair Housing Landlord Award recognized landlords and housing providers who go above and beyond to provide safe, healthy housing, that is affordable and accessible to all. In presenting awards for Fair Housing leadership and dedication to improving the quality of housing in Boston, Mayor Walsh recognized recipients as proponents of change.Congratulations to everyone who participated in the Fair Housing Contests, said Mayor Walsh. All of the students represented the next generation that will take the reins in making Boston a place of equal opportunities for all, and the landlords have set a great example for other landlords and neighborhoods to follow.Congratulations to the art contest winners for your imaginative depictions and to the property owners for providing housing that advances opportunity for all, said Director Irish.HUDs Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity (FHEO) is proud to partner with the City of Boston to support the second annual Fair Housing Art Contest, which reflects FHEOs renewed commitment to educating the public about their fair housing rights and emphasizes how important it is that every person take action whenever they believe their housing rights have been violated, said Regional 1 Director of FHEO, Susan Forward.Mr. Hou certainly deserves this recognition as well as our thanks for promoting the spirit of equal access for all in our great city, said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle.Fair Housing Art Contest Recipients:Elementary SchoolDaniela Acuna- Otis Elementary SchoolJeidy Cruz - Patrick Lyndon SchoolAmira Beriane - Guild Elementary SchoolMiddle SchoolShakira Jean - Edward Brooke Charter SchoolOlivia Buzzelle- Washington Irving Middle SchoolJaliyah Dujour-Marshall - Orchard Garden Pilot SchoolHigh SchoolXuan Linda Qin- Boston Latin SchoolMaddy Ward- Boston Latin SchoolRayzheen Crawford- Boston Day and Evening AcademyHonorable MentionWest End House Boys and Girls ClubFair Housing Landlord Award Recipients:Maloney Properties, Inc.In 1981 Maloney Properties, Inc established a property management firm with a Human Focus. This mission continues today, fueling their strong approach to resident services and resident satisfaction. Maloney Properties, Inc currently manages 8,500 units throughout New England, with more than 4,500 in the City of Boston that offer a wide range of barrier free buildings and accessible units with amenities. Maloney Properties, Inc is dedicated to preserving affordable housing throughout the Boston area. For more than 30 years Maloney Properties, Inc has successfully designed, created, and implemented resident service programs that improve the quality of life in the communities they serve.Philip Hou, Boston Housing Authority LandlordMr. Philip Hou is the owner of a three family home in Dorchester. Mr. Hou rents to a large family that has two disabled members and whose first language is not English. When the family approached Mr. Hou about renting an apartment in his property, he worked with the Boston Housing Authority to accommodate the family with a creative solution that involved utilizing the entire house and adjusting the familys subsidy to better meet their needs. Mr. Hou also installed ramps and created an accessible living space in order to accommodate the family.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with City Councilor Michelle Wu, today invited musicians, businesses, and the public to participate in Acoustic on Main, a 10-night event in Bostons Main Streets Districts during Small Business Week. FromMay 1-10Main Streets businesses are encouraged to host local acoustic performances with up to 5 instrumental or vocal performers from4 pm to 9 pm. Participating businesses will not be required to apply for a live entertainment license or pay a fee to the City to hold the performances.This winter was very difficult for Bostons small businesses, said Mayor Walsh. Now that Spring has arrived, we are excited to enliven our Main Streets districts with music to support our local businesses while also supporting our local musicians. Consider shopping locally and taking in a performance during Acoustic on Main and empower our neighborhoods to thrive.""Our local small businesses open their doors to the community in sun or snow - they anchor our neighborhoods and make Boston welcoming and vibrant, said Councilor Michelle Wu. After a hard winter, let's spend time in our Main Streets districts supporting our small businesses and enjoying live music throughout the city!""This is a great opportunity to introduce the community to artists they haven't heard of. Acoustic music brings a different sound to the community,"" said Amanda Ford of Soler, an urban apparel and streetwear retailer in the Grove Hall Main Street district. ""Acoustic on Main will increase the exposure for our community and area this is another opportunity for us to be a catalyst of the New Grove Hall. Small businesses are the life blood of community they employ people in the area and operate with the local residents and community interests in mind. Small business create positive change for community.""""For many, the idea of live music invokes loud music and nightclubs, said Brian Piccini, owner of Boston Chops in Washington Gateway Main Streets, and a local musician. This is a great opportunity to showcase acoustic performers and change that dynamic. After the winter we have had, we need all the help we can get to liven the business districts.""""We're thrilled to open our doors to the wealth of local musical talent across Boston, and offer our customers a new experience when they stop in,"" said Joanne Chang, owner of Flour and Myers + Chang. ""We're looking forward to participating in Acoustic on Main, and supporting the local Main Streets district.""Businesses and musicians who wish to participate can register at theAcoustic on Main website, and businesses hosting events are also welcome to submit those events to theCity of Bostons online calendar. As the schedule develops, members of the public will also be able to findevents in their neighborhood, and are encouraged to follow and engage with the event using #AcousticOnMain. The Acoustic on Main website will be updated with a Map of Main Streets information, as well as with an events calendar with confirmed performances.Businesses and musicians will make decisions regarding compensation for performers, however, just as the City of Boston encourage residents to support small businesses, we also encourage small businesses to support local musicians.Acoustic on Main is made by possible by a partnership between City Councilor Michelle Wu, the City Councils Committee on Arts & Culture, the City Councils Committee on Small Business, Entrepreneurship & Innovation, the City of Bostons Office of Business Development, the Mayors Office of Arts & Culture, and the Mayors Office of Consumer Affairs and Licensing."
"The $125 million state of the art facility is the new home of the Boston Public Schools headquarters with nearly 500 employees, centralizing BPS administrative staff and improving organizational synergy and constituent interaction. The building also includes the Roxbury Innovation Center, a startup incubator to connect Roxbury with the innovation economy, 18,000 square feet of ground floor retail, and common community areas. The building is named forBruce C. Bolling, the first African American president of the Boston City Council, whose groundbreaking legislation continues to promote access, fairness and opportunity in Roxbury and across Boston.The Bruce C. Bolling Building is built on collaboration and partnership, said Mayor Walsh. Thank you to the Roxbury and Dudley Square communities, and the Dudley Vision Advisory Task Force for your faith and support through this process, and to our partners in government, and the private and nonprofit sectors. Without your commitment, steadfastness, and pride, this project would not have been the success that it is. Im proud to stand here today, and celebrate with all of you, the new standard for municipal building in the City of Boston.""Relocating to Roxbury puts us closer to our schools and closer to our students, where we should be, said Interim Superintendent John McDonough. ""The thoughtful, innovative design of the Bruce C. Bolling Building, from the open floor plan and low cubicle partitions to the expansive windows that bathe the office spaces with sunlight, has transformed the work environment for Boston Public Schools employees, and turned it into a far more collaborative culture.""Using the past to create the future, the Bruce C. Bolling Building preserves and incorporates the iconic Ferdinand Furniture Building, an emblem of the square's historic commercial vitality, along with the Curtis Block and the Waterman & Sons building. The six-story building totaling 215,000 square feet, features a collaborative, flexible work environment for BPS employees, who began the process of moving in February 2015. The overall layout of the energy-efficient building will foster collaboration amongst various BPS divisions and increase overall efficiency throughout the school district.The Roxbury Innovation Center, a 3,000 square foot business incubator, will encourage collaboration, bold thinking, and new business development, a cornerstone to Mayor Walshs vision and goal of creating a thriving, healthy and innovative City. The nonprofit innovation center will be housed on the second floor and will be operated by the Venture Caf Foundation.Common areas in the building on the second and sixth floors, will be available for student work, school events, and community gatherings, including a community roof deck on the top floor featuring breathtaking views to Downtown Boston. SkyLab will provide community-connected programming services for these common areas, to help fulfill the vision of the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building as a hub for innovation. In addition, the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative has committed to provide the Venture Caf Foundation and Skylab grant funding totaling up to $150,000 to support their innovation work.The building also includes 18,000 square feet of ground floor retail space, with local businesses including: fashion boutique, Final Touch with Class convenience and healthy food retailer, Dudley Cafe eye care service and optical shop, Gallery Eye Care local burger establishment, Tasty Burger and pizzeria, Dudley Dough.The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building project was the largest capital building project the City of Boston has managed since the construction of Boston City Hall. The project was overseen by the City of Bostons Property and Construction Management Department in collaboration with the Boston Redevelopment Authority and PMA Consultants. The building was designed by Mecanoo from the Netherlands and Sasaki Associates from Watertown, Massachusetts. The City selected Boston-based Shawmut Design and Construction as the CM at-Risk contractor.The $125 million project was funded primarily by the City of Boston, but a strategic component of the financing utilized and included $8.5 million in US Department of Treasury federally subsidized New Markets Tax Credits, made possible by a partnership between several Community Development Entities, including the Massachusetts Housing Investment Corporation, Building America, The Community Builders, and Banc of America Community Development Corporation, and arranged with private investor Bank of America. At critical decision-making junctures in the Project, the resulting $8.5 million in savings spared key elements of the vision, quality, and design of the building that now make such a conspicuous presence in Dudley Square.Located in the heart of Roxbury, Dudley Square is a mass transit hub rich with culture and history. Working with partners in Roxbury the City managed the programming, design and development of the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building. The facility is the cornerstone of the late Mayor Thomas M. Menino's Dudley Square Vision Project that sought to revitalize the once-thriving urban neighborhood through a comprehensive planning process. Throughout the process the Boston Redevelopment Authority worked closely with the Dudley Vision Advisory Task Force, which provided community perspective on issues related to the Projects programmatic goals and outcomes.Dudley Square has been the beneficiary of many recent city investments, including the nearby LEED Silver-certified B-2 Police Station the redesign and renovation of the Dudley Square Branch Public Library entrance major utility upgrades that will benefit the overall neighborhood and a redesign of the existing roadways in an effort to ease potential future traffic congestion. The Citys thoughtful planning of the future of Dudley Square has realized the creation of a large swath of developable vacant land situated between the new police station and the soon-to-be rehabilitated Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library. With Mayor Walshs leadership, City investment combined with future opportunities will continue to spur private investment and innovative business development throughout Dudley Square and across Boston.With a combination of new markets tax credits allocation and equity capital invested through the Community Development Entities, Bank of America Merrill Lynch is pleased to be a part of the rebuilding and revitalization of Dudley Square. Through our Community Development Banking group, the bank has long supported the development of safe and healthy communities and is happy to lend a hand in preserving this historic neighborhood.- Robert Gallery, Bank of America, Massachusetts PresidentThe AFL-CIO Housing Investment Trust is proud to have played a role in the redevelopment of the Dudley Square community with the investment of $7.5 million of New Markets Tax Credits in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Center through its subsidiary Building America, Inc. This project, named for one of Bostons true visionary leaders, will be a catalyst for other significant investments that will ensure the neighborhoods place as a center of commerce in Bostons communities of color. - Tom OMalley, Building Americas Chief Investment OfficerThe Community Builders is committed to strengthening neighborhoods and creating opportunities for residents to thrive. Roxbury residents have worked for a long time on the revitalization of Dudley Square. We are proud to join with the City of Boston and our Roxbury neighbors to bring a key financial resource to the Bolling building and spur further investment in the neighborhood. - Bart Mitchell, President and CEO of The Community Builders""As Dudley Square residents, we have always hungered to spend time in the square instead of just passing through it. We are thrilled to have so many new businesses opening here to revitalize our neighborhood. The fact that we will be able to be part of that redevelopment makes us elated. In Dudley Cafe, we will be providing freshly brewed coffee and baked goods. We will also feature pre-packaged snacks and meals from our existing places (Shanti Restaurant and MokSa Restaurant) - Solmon & Rokeya Chowdhury, Owners of The Dudley CafeWhen we opened Haley House Bakery Cafe in 2005, Ferdinand's Blue Store (with its boarded blue-painted windows) was a hint to Dudley's rich commercial past. No longer girded by the elevated Orange Line, it lay in waiting for a new opportunity. We are excited that Mecanoo/Sasaki's integrated design for the Bolling Building is finally activated and occupied, prepared to become a civic and cultural hub for the Dudley community. We look forward to being an engaged partner in that hub, with our economic inclusion initiative, Dudley Dough!  Bing Broderick, Executive Director of Haley HouseIts an honor to be chosen among those who will help reconcile Dudley Squares past with its ever approaching future by building a stronger community as a small business. It is our hope to bring fashion to the forefront of this community to display the beauty of such a historic neighborhood. For 10 years our business model has been about customer service and we are glad to serve Dudley Square now. - Catherine Hardaway, President & CEO Final Touch with Class Boutique, Dudley Vision Advisory Task ForceGallery Eyecare is proud to be Roxbury's only freestanding Optometric office and Optical shop. We are committed to changing how eye care is provided in our community. The office will be designed as a Visual Arts Gallery, featuring the artwork of local artist. Merging vision with the visual arts, thus providing, ""A Total Visual Experience."" We are delighted to be involved with the vision of revitalizing Dudley Square, which was initiated by our Late Mayor Menino and completed by the City of Boston's current Mayor Martin Walsh. - Dr. Lesa Dennis-Mahamed, O.D., Owner of Gallery Eye CareIf ever there was a perfect fit for New Markets Tax Credit financing, and for MHICs involvement, it is the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building. For many years the city recognized that this building could be the centerpiece, the crown jewel of Dudley Squares revival. New Markets financing helped the city reduce its project borrowing and make this project work when there were major budget challenges. We are pleased to have partnered with the City, with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, The Community Builders, and Building America to help make this vision a reality and be part of rebuilding this important part of Boston. - Joe Flatley, President and CEO of Massachusetts Housing Investment CorporationSince every student and parent in the state will visit the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building at least once, I wanted to create a building that is friendly, healthy and inspirational to people of all ages. A building that unites and re-engages the three existing facades of the Ferdinand, Curtis and Waterman, boldly looking to the future. I think it is a real Bostonian building with a Dutch touch. It celebrates Roxburys rich and vibrant past, instilling a sense of belonging and pride in everyone who uses it. For me, the Bruce Bolling Building signifies Dudleys reborn presence. - Francine Houben, creative director MecanooIn designing the new office space for the Boston Public Schools, we wanted to give the employees something they didnt have before  a space that encouraged conversation and collaboration, with offices and conference rooms located in the center and cubicles with low partitions around the perimeter to let in the natural light. Caf tables and lounge areas offer alternative workspace options for impromptu meetings or those employees looking for a change of scenery. The feedback from employees so far has all been positive  they are using the space as it was intended and we couldnt be happier. - Victor Vizgaitis, principal at Sasaki AssociatesShawmut Design and Construction is proud to have played a part in making the Bruce C. Bolling Building a reality. This project was a true partnership with the City of Boston, the design teams, the owners project management team, and most importantly, the people of Roxbury. - Tom Goemaat, CEO of Shawmut Design and ConstructionSkyLab is excited to utilize our longtime presence in and knowledge of the needs in the Roxbury Community to tailor programming to meet and support the Mayors vision of innovation hubs across the city. As we move forward this summer, we will be refining our programming, asking partners to invest in our community, and empowering students, residents, existing business owners, and others with entrepreneurial spirit to do the necessary work to not only create economic stability but also build wealth. Our overarching goal is to demonstrate to residents, investors, thought leaders, startups, and other interested individuals and institutions that by working together we can all enjoy long-term, mutually beneficial relationships that provide value and the positive outcomes that we seek in our community and across the city. - Bridgette Wallace, Founder of SkyLab""Tasty Burger has been looking for a location in Dudley Square for over two years. Dudley is one of the most energetic and vibrant squares in Boston with a history second to none. We could not be more thrilled to be a part of this project."" - Dave DuBois, Tasty Burger""Innovation is about making new ideas realit means collaboration, open communication, willingness to experiment and take risks. There is so much energy around innovation in Dudley Square. The Roxbury Innovation Center will be a place where local innovatorsstudents, startups, business owners, creative thinkers--can connect with partners, mentors and resources to make their ideas grow."" - Nicole Fichera, The Venture Caf Foundation""We are honored to be a part of this visionary collaboration at the Bolling Municipal Building. With the partnership of the City of Boston, the Boston Public Schools, SkyLab, and many others, the Roxbury Innovation Center will be a platform for experimentation and education in the heart of Boston, supporting growth in Roxburys vibrant innovation and entrepreneurship community."" - Kevin Wiant, Executive Director of the Venture Caf Foundation"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced the start of enrollment for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) annual citywide BCYF SUPERTeens Program this summer. Youth ages 13-14 in the SUPERTeens program will have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in field trips to Bostons arts and cultural institutions.""Our SUPERteens program is a great opportunity for Boston's youth who might be aging out of summer camp, but not old enough to get a job, to gain valuable experience and stay busy while school is out,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In order for all of our young people to succeed, we must help create the opportunities to teach real world skills that will prepare them for higher education and careers.""The program will run seven weeks beginning on July 6 and ending on August 21. The teens will work Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 6 to participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. The application and other information can be found on BCYFs website athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/BCYF.The SUPERTeens Program will operate at 14 BCYF community centers. All SUPERTeen applicants must complete an application and return it to the desired BCYF community center site by Friday, May 22. Completed applications can also be returned to BCYFs Administrative Office, Attention Snap Shot Program, 1483 Tremont Street, Boston, MA 02120. The SUPERTeen Program will operate at the following community centers: BCYF Blackstone, 50 W. Brookline Street, South End BCYF Charlestown, 255 Medford Street, Charlestown BCYF Cleveland, 11 Charles Street, Dorchester BCYF Curtis Hall (Girls-only,) 20 South Street, Jamaica Plain BCYF Holland, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester BCYF Hyde Park, 1179 River Street, Hyde Park BCYF Leahy-Holloran, 1 Worrell Street, Dorchester BCYF Mildred Avenue, 5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan BCYF Menino, 125 Brookway Road, Roslindale BCYF Perkins, 155 Talbot Avenue, Dorchester BCYF Roslindale, 6 Cummins Highway, Roslindale BCYF Shelburne, 2730 Washington Street, Roxbury BCYF Tobin, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill and BCYF Vine Street, 339 Dudley Street, Roxbury.Program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYFs Youth Development Outcomes, and developing creative writing skills by teaching youth to share personal learning experiences in writing."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the second annual Celebration of Summer to honor Boston native Donna Summer with a free roller disco event at City Hall Plaza onFriday, June 19from6:00 p.m.-10:00 p.m.""The free roller disco event is a great opportunity for families to come out and have fun while honoring a fellow Boston native who is known around the world for her influence on music,"" said Mayor Walsh.The event will feature other Boston natives including DJ Kon of Dorchester, Elisa Hamilton, creator of Dance Spot Boston, Frieda Fries of Jacques' Cabaret and the Boston Derby Dames roller derby team.As an artist who creates dance floors,the spirit and color of Donna's sound basically defines the joy of dance music,"" said Hamilton who creates interactive chalk drawings depicting dance moves. ""She's what makes us all want to get out on the floor.""I cant thank the Mayor enough on behalf of Donnas widower Bruce Sudano and my aunts extended family, many of whom still live in Boston, said Robert Grant, who performs as O'Mega Red and is Summer's nephew."" She always loved Boston and as a five-time Grammy winner, an Oscar winner and a genuinely beautiful soul, Donna will always be in the heart of the city.  Donna Summer died on May 17, 2012 at age 62."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a calendar of special events for National Historic Preservation Month in May. This years theme, Preservation Is________,invites the public to consider the people, places, and events that contribute to Bostons unique character. Throughout the month, the city will host a wide array of programs celebrating its storied history. These tours, talks and exhibits will also illustrate how historic resources in every neighborhood make todays Boston a uniquely appealing place to live, work and visit. After the challenges of this winter, Preservation Month invites us to get out and about to explore our city: its thriving historic neighborhoods, green spaces, vibrant entertainment, and shopping areas, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh.I encourage all Boston residents and visitors to participate in the activities offered this Preservation Month across the city.The May 7thprogram will take place at the Bell in Hand Tavern, located on Bostons historic Blackstone Block. In a richly illustrated talk entitled Preservation Is All the Buzz, scholar and journalist Stephanie Schorow will discuss the fascinating role of tavern culture in Bostons political and social life, from Puritan days to the present. This program will also mark the second event inBLC XL, a special quarterly series being presented throughout 2015 to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the Boston Landmarks Commission. Reservation information for this free public event and the full calendar of Preservation Month activities is available online atwww.cityofboston.gov/landmarks.In addition to the keynote, the knowledgeable and enthusiastic staff of the Boston Landmarks Commission staff will disperse across the city to host more than a dozen programs promoting the age-old but ever-popular places that give Boston its distinctive character. EveryTuesdayin May, for example, a midday series of walking tours dubbed Preservation Is U, will feature historic properties under the stewardship of local educational institutions. The Boston Landmarks Commission is pleased to join with partners across thecity in celebrating historys role in our civic identity and the Landmark Commissions 40thyear serving its residents.TheBLCs Preservation Month Calendar is packed with more than 40 pages of activities and is available online and in print version from the Boston Landmarks Commission.Established in 1975 to identify and protect Bostons historic buildings, structures, areas and sites, the Boston Landmarks Commission is the Citys preservation planning agency. It reviews development and demolition activities affecting older properties, delivers public information and assistance relating to preservation and archaeology, and provides professional support to the local Historic District Commissions. There are today over 8,000 properties located within the citys nine local Historic Districts or designated as individual Boston Landmarks by the Commission.
Boston Public Library locations across the city host several author talks this month, with topics ranging from colonial Boston to childrens literature. Highlights include:
In celebration of National Bike Month in May, Boston Bikes is challenging K-8 students and teachers in Boston Public Schools to track participation in the Challenge by recording the number of minutes they ride each day. A participation update will be shared halfway through the month to track progress as schools compete to win prizes. Prizes include the Golden Pedal Award, free bike raffles, a bike field trip, and more.Good exercising habits start young, and the Boston Bikes Get Biking Challenge is a fun way to encourage kids to get active and get comfortable with cycling, said Mayor Walsh.The Get Biking Challenge is a part of Boston Bikes commitment to empowering youth through cycling education, safety and advocacy. Nine schools have already registered, including Mather Elementary, Nathan Hale Elementary, and William H. Ohrenberger Elementary.Boston Bikes is part of Mayor Walsh's vision for a vibrant and healthy city that benefits all its citizens. It seeks to make Boston a world-class bicycling city by creating safe and inviting conditions for all residents and visitors. Boston Bikes focuses on improvements in all six universal bike planning areas: Engineering, Enforcement, Education, Encouragement, Equity, and Evaluation.
The Mayor will announce the new Greenovate Boston web platform where residents and business owners can learn what they can do for the environment, commit to action, and connect with others. The Mayor will also highlight a variety of recent and upcoming environmental actions, including two energy positive (E+) green building parcels in Dorchester, the Boston Public Schools Race to Recycle program, over 40 municipal energy efficiency projects, protected bike lanes in Dorchester and Allston, and the return of the goats to Boston Parks.Our Greenovate Boston Climate Action Plan sets ambitious sustainability goals and the community and city must work together to achieve them, said Mayor Walsh. Earth Day provides an opportunity to celebrate our progress and consider new ways we can integrate climate action into our lives.Even small actions like switching to cold water wash, or turning your computer off at night can add up to significant impact, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. This new site not only encourages action, but it helps us better understand what actions people are taking and empowers the community to connect with each other and learn from one another.In addition to supporting community action, the City of Boston has made significant progress and continues to lead by example. In 2014 alone, the City, in partnership with Eversource Energy, implemented over 40 energy efficiency projects that will save over 9 million kWh and approximately $1.4 million per year. Over 80 percent of these savings came from the Public Works Departments LED streetlight conversion program.Mayor Walsh is also expanding efforts to encourage residents and small businesses to combat rising energy prices through programs and partnerships with Eversource, National Grid, and Mass Saves.The Citys sustainability initiatives continue to expand under the Greenovate Boston umbrella:Greenovate Boston will be hosting its second annual Community Summit this year onSaturday, June 6. The event will bring together over 500 Bostonians including city officials, residents, and the business and non-profit community to identify ways we can work together to implement the climate action plan. For more information, and to register, please visitSummit.GreenovateBoston.org.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced details of a $125,000 partnership between the Highland Street Foundation, the Boston Red Sox, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department that will support repairs and rehabilitation to baseball fields in ten parks citywide.The parks slated for the upgrades are Smith Field in Allston, Hardiman Playground in Brighton, Ryan Playground in Charlestown, Dorchester Park in Dorchester, Noyes Park in East Boston, Daisy Field in Jamaica Plain, Langone Park in the North End, Edna V. Bynoe Park in Roxbury, Moakley Park in South Boston, and Peters Park in the South End.This funding will help boost the regular care of our ball fields and bring some of our older facilities up to date, said Mayor Walsh. Thanks to our partnership with the Highland Street Foundation and the Red Sox, youth in these ten neighborhoods will have even better places to play ball this summer.Each ball field will receive fresh baseball diamond mix clay, pitchers mound clay, home plate clay, privacy screens on backdrops, sod cutting for edges, and lining. In addition, Dorchester Park will receive more intensive turf rehabilitation and small capital repairs.We are excited to partner with the City of Boston and the Red Sox to improve the fields and hope the kids have a sense of pride as they take out their gloves and bats this season, said Blake Jordan, Highland Streets Executive Director.To celebrate the park renovations, the Highland Street Foundation, the Parks Department, and the Red Sox will host Out of the Park on Boston Common on Sunday, June 28, at 1 p.m. Youngsters and their families are invited to watch the Red Sox play the Tampa Bay Rays broadcast by the New England Sports Network (NESN) on a massive big screen with cut-ins by a live game announcer. Baseball fans of all ages are welcome to bring a blanket to watch the game on the big screen and cheer on the Red Sox.This free event will feature live viewing of the game, caricaturists, balloon artists, face painters, giveaways, and refreshments. Special guests include Red Sox mascot Wally, Red Sox DJ TJ Connelly, Announcer Henry Mahegan, Organist Josh Kantor, and the Hot Tamales Brass Band. In addition, there will be a series of baseball-themed community events for children at some of the rehabbed parks with refreshments, games, and giveaways on dates to be announced.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the City of Boston will host GIFT Box, a walk-in exhibit to raise awareness, educate the public, and empower people to take action against human trafficking. GIFT Box was created by STOP THE TRAFFIK, the United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking (UN-GIFT), and the Committee to Stop Trafficking in Persons (CSTISP), and is being presented in collaboration with the Mayors Public Safety Initiative and the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement. GIFT Box will be on display at Faneuil Hall fromMay 4 to May 14, and is free and open to the public from8am to 5:30pm.""Human trafficking is a world wide crisis, that is happening here in our backyard. This practice is illegal and exploitative, and it often goes undetected, said Mayor Walsh. GIFT Box is a unique way to raise awareness about sex trafficking, and how we can work together to end this demeaning crime.GIFT Box is a large, colorfully wrapped box, with an interior exhibit on the harsh realities of sex trafficking told through photographs and survivor stories. The exhibit also provides contacts and outreach information for those who are involved in sex trafficking and who may need help or know individuals who need help.The U.S. State Department estimates that 27 million men, women and children are trafficking victims worldwide at any given time, said Ruth Dearnley, CEO of STOP THE TRAFFIK. The GIFT Box reminds the public that behind any statistic is a face - a person who has a price tag hung around their neck.The real life stories inside the GIFT Box will break your heart, but hopefully, open your heart. One cannot view the faces and not be moved, said Deb OHara-Rusckowski of CSTIP. The biggest misconception is people thinking it happens far away in other countries---they cannot see that people are being trafficked right here in their very own cities, towns and neighborhoods.STOP THE TRAFFIK launched GIFT Box during the London 2012 Olympic Games. The GIFT Box promotes the global fight on human trafficking while educating thousands of people, from victims to survivors, to every citizen  aware and unaware of this world-wide crisis. According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, human trafficking is a $150 billion industry, making it the second largest criminal industry in the world after drug trafficking. It is also the fastest growing crime.The GIFT Box will also travel to the University of New Hampshire, UMass Lowell, and Boston College during the months of April and May.STOP THE TRAFFIK (STT) is a global movement of individuals, communities and organizations fighting to prevent human trafficking around the world. For more information visitwww.stopthetraffik.org.The United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking (UN.GIFT) is a global coalition working together to help stop the sale of people, to see the traffickers prosecuted and to protect human trafficking victims.The NGO Committee to Stop Trafficking in Persons (CSTIP) is dedicated to the eradication of human trafficking in all its forms through education, advocacy, research and monitoring compliance with United Nations treaties, protocols, laws and resolutions. For more information contactngocstip@gmail.com."
As the City of Boston prepares for millions of visitors for the 119th Boston Marathon, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released public safety plans to ensure a successful series of events.The Marathon is a major international athletic contest, and a celebration of all that we love about Boston, said Mayor Walsh. We have worked together collaboratively, with the Boston Police Department, and all of our partners, to keep everyone safe. We also ask the public for vigilance, and are encouraging everyone, if you see something, say something.Public SafetyEmergency Medical ServicesStreet Closures & Traffic AdvisoriesPlease see attached traffic advisory from the Boston Transportation Department for full traffic and road closure information.Emergency Communications
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the establishment of the Office of Olympic Planning and appointment of Executive Director Sara Myerson. The Office of Olympic Planning will focus on the development of the City of Boston's plans and policy as potential hosts for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games. ""The Office of Olympic Planning is an important step forward in this process and it will build a bridge between the City's planning and the development of the Olympic proposal,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Sara Myerson brings incredible experience to the table with a background in affordable housing, finance and urban planning and I am very excited to have her eyes on this process. Her top priority will be to ensure that Boston will benefit in the long-term from holding the Games and that any planning efforts are in line with the City's overall goals."" Projects that will fall under the Office of OlympicPlanningwill include economic analysis, mitigation analysis, public health and safety studies, and transportation planning. The Office will work collaboratively with Boston 2024 and the United States Olympic Committee.Costs associated with the Office of Olympic Planning will be reimbursed to the City of Boston by Boston 2024.This is an important step in our mutual efforts to leave a lasting legacy for the City of Boston, and align with broader planning goals for the future,"" said Rich Davey, CEO of Boston2024. ""Our partnership with the city and our collaborative planning with Sara strengthens our Bid and reflects the truly transformative experience we can deliver for Boston and for the Olympic movement.""  Myerson most recently served as Chief of Staff and Director of Policy at Preservation of Affordable Housing in Boston, which owns and operates nearly 8,500 affordable housing rental homes throughout the country. Prior, she was a Senior Analyst at HR&A Advisors, Inc. where she advised clients on the economics of complex public-private development initiatives.  In addition, Myerson served as an Associate in the Urban Investment Group at Goldman Sachs and also spent time as an Analyst in their Merchant Banking Division and Investment Banking Division.  Myerson holds a Master in Urban Planning from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Arts from Middlebury College. Myerson will start onApril 27, 2015. "
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that the Our Boston visioning work of 18 Boston Public Schools kindergartners will be on display in the mezzanine of City Hall starting next week. In February, Mayor Walsh asked 30 kindergarten classes from across the city to create models demonstrating how to make Boston a more accessible, vibrant, and engaging place. The Our Boston exhibit is part of the 21st Annual Youth Arts Month, a City Hall-wide showcase of Boston Public Schools artwork on display on Floors 1, 2, 6 and 8, fromThursday, April 23 through Friday, May 1, 2015.Our youngest citizens have some of the biggest ideas, and the Our Boston project is an exciting way to engage them with government early on, said Mayor Walsh. When invited to contribute their thoughts, children will awe and inspire all of us with their creativity, vision and amazing sense of belief that anything is possible.I continue to be proud of our youngest students and the learning that takes place in BPS kindergarten, stated Interim Superintendent John McDonough. The Our Boston project is part of the new Focus on K2 curriculum for kindergartners, which emphasizes learning in a hands-on, creative way that encourages both curiosity and exploration the visualization of these students ideas clearly demonstrates how beneficial this curriculum is for children.The students had five weeks to research, plan, and construct models of what a better Boston for children would look like. The project, which tapped into childrens imaginations and sense of fairness, also helped students build skills of inquiry, investigation, exploration and refinement, while promoting an opportunity for art exploration. In early April a committee made up of members of the BPS Arts and Early Childhood Departments selected 18 of the Our Boston models to be displayed at City Hall as part of the annual BPS arts show. The childrens ideas included: indoor playgrounds, so children can have place to run around during the winter more houses, so no one will go homeless and a money door that provides cash for those in need, utilizing a hand scanner on the door to determine if an individual needs money or not. Winning models were primarily based on the detail and sophistication of the childrens ideas and the artistic merit of their models, and included a variety of different types of ideas represented.What happens when you ask young children their opinions about how to make Boston a fairer and more interesting place for children?, said Jason Sachs, Director of Early Childhood Programs at BPS. The Our Boston project demonstrates that when you engage our youngest citizens in serious conversations about our city they have really valuable ideas to share.Each year the Visual and Performing Arts Department for BPS holds the Annual Youth Arts Month at City Hall, showcasing the work of young BPS artists. This years 21st annual exhibit features the work of 34 schools representing close to 400 Pre K-12th grade students. The works of art on display reflect the quality instruction of BPS teachers and the dedication, skill development and creativity of BPS students. The public is encouraged to explore this free exhibit and be inspired by the students vision. The exhibit is located on Floors 1, 2, 6 and 8 throughMay 1, 2015.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Christopher Byner, Interim Executive Director of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) have announced the release of the 2015 Summer Fun Grants RFP. Applicants may apply for a 2015 Summer Fun Grant of up to $4,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer.I am pleased to be able to support innovative and engaging youth programs that are providing a variety of opportunities for Boston youth during the summer, said Mayor Walsh. Our non-profit partners are a very important piece of our efforts to keep Bostons youth safe and active during the summer months.The grants will range from $2,000 to $4,000 and will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to be served must range from 6-19 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate between July 6 and August 21. Last year, over half of the 86 programs that were awarded funding had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus, 27% of the programs were art-based and the rest offered educational or community and civic engagement opportunities.I am amazed by the creative and innovative applications we receive from all areas of the City, said Christopher Byner. Thousands of young people will have the opportunity to meet new friends, have fun and enjoy their summer thanks to the agencies that these grants support.The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Thursday, April 23. For more information including the RFP, please visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.
"This morning, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined nearly 200 business leaders at the Omni Parker House for an event discussing the disparities in wage equity that remain in Boston and around the country.The first annual Best Practices Conference for the signatories of Mayor Walsh's 100% Talent Compact, a commitment to wage equity in the workplace, was sponsored by the Boston Women's Workforce Council, Simmons College, and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. It included a panel discussion of upcoming gender wage gap reporting by area businesses and presentations from business leaders on action steps being taken at their companies to close the wage gap.Closing the wage gap requires a multifaceted approach, Mayor Walsh said. We have to create more pipelines for female employees, we have to create more family-friendly policies that help us attract and retain female employees, and we have to ensure the culture of our work environments is welcoming and inclusive of all employees.The Boston Womens Workforce Council is proud of the work Mayor Walshs office is doing to promote wage equity awareness,"" said Cathy Minehan, Chair of the Boston Womens Workforce Council. Conversations like these need to be happening from the board room down in every company in America, and we are starting that trend in Boston.State Treasurer Deborah B. Goldberg moderated a panel discussion with Jeff Leiden, CEO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals, and Bob Reynolds, CEO of Putnam Investments. It was followed by a panel moderated by Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, joined by Lynn Albright, Vice President of Stores, East Territory, Gap Inc. Regis Mulot, Executive Vice President, Human Resources, Staples Betsy Larson, Vice President, Compensation, MassMutual and Kathy Horgan, Executive Vice President, Global HR/Chief Operating Officer, State Street.State Street is proud to be leading the way on closing the wage gap in Boston, Horgan said. At State Street, we have been very intentional about creating opportunities and pipelines for women and tracking metrics that will measure our success throughout this process.Leading up to todays conference, signatories were asked to participate in a survey to share best practices with the work they are doing toward reaching pay equity. In addition, three data partners - State Street, Putnam Investments, and MassMutual Financial Group - tested the wage data collection process to smooth out reporting details and to report to other signatories about their experiences with the initial process.The event included a data training led by Azer Bestavros from the Rafik B. Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science & Engineering of Boston University, who is leading the aggregation component, in anticipation that all signatories will provide an anonymous snapshot of their employee wages to understand any gaps that currently exist.The Boston Womens Workforce Council expects those snapshots in the spring and will release key findings from all signatories this summer."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the City of Boston's first ever Workforce Profile Report to transparently examine the racial andgender makeup of Bostons municipal employee base. The report was led by Shaun Blugh, the City's first-ever Chief Diversity Officer and Deputy Chief Diversity Officer, Freda Brasfield.  The report analyzes annual pay rate disparities at the Cabinet, Department Head, and throughout each department, and highlights current initiatives and outlines recommendations for the Walsh Administration to establish a road map for further diversification of the Boston workforce. The findings of this report will play a role in succession planning as City Hall prepares for the upcoming transition of an aging workforce.""This report represents a blueprint of where we are in city government when it comes to race and diversity of our workforce,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We were able to take a in-depth look at each department to see where we can improve and specifically what we need to do to reach our goals. It is our priority to not only improve the numbers but to create a strong pipeline that will ensure we are finding the best talent and cultivating that talent for positions throughout City Hall.""Mayor Walsh appointed Shaun Blugh the City's first-ever Chief Diversity Officer in December to provide strategic leadership in implementing Mayor Walsh's diversity agenda.""We know we have work to do, but this Workforce Profile Report is an important step in reviewing the City of Boston's current workforce composition and being transparent to our constituents on these significant issues,"" Chief Blugh said. The data for the report highlights the progress Mayor Walsh has implemented across City leadership level, appointing the most diverse cabinet in Boston history, while highlighting that areas of improvement are necessary. The report examines full-time and regular part-time employees of the city government. The findings of this report will be used to analyze which departments are currently making those strides and which departments have the greatest opportunity in the coming years to better reflect the demographics of the city of Boston and allow for a more engaged workforce motivated by the potential for development and career advancement. Since taking office, Mayor Walsh has actively recruited across the City and nation to bring in highly-skilled diverse talent to fill his Cabinet. However, in order to sustain true systemic change, the report emphasizes the need to examine how the City recruits, develops, and retains talent throughout all departments. This includes proactively developing internal pipelines of talent for leadership positions and preparing current employee base with the skills and opportunities for further professional development in order to retain more diverse talent in the overall workforce. The report highlights how diversity and inclusion initiatives are more than just about the racial and gender breakdown of the city workforce, but creating an environment in city government whereby each employee feels respected, valued and appreciated for their own individuality and diverse viewpoints.  The Mayors Office of Diversity is working with management across departments to foster a workplace culture that celebrates the individuality and diversity of thought of each employee in the city government workforce.Wage inequality based on ethnicity, race, gender or any other factors is also examined in this report. As an organization, it is essential that all employees feel that they are paid equal wages for equal work. The report examines all departments of city government to determine where the most significant gaps are currently in regards to racial and gender inequity.The report outlined the following recommendations:The Mayors Office of Diversity is responsible for leading Mayor Walsh's diversity agenda, including the ongoing development and delivery of the Citys diversity goals and objectives in areas of hiring, leadership and career development, diversity training, strategic planning, recruitment and retention. The Mayors Office of Diversity is tasked with analyzing and improving the Citys procurement strategies, to support and increase opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses to engage directly with the City of Boston. The Chief Diversity Officer and Deputy Chief Diversity Officer will continue to perform outreach to community, academic, and business organizations in order to increase diversity of employee candidate pools, and assist in the development of hiring processes to ensure maximum opportunities for employment and career advancement for candidates from underrepresented demographic groups.The full report is availablehere."
